The idea of explaining change management as a fable, I found funny and therefore bought the English original (unfortunately not available for the Kindle - then just as a printbook). Had suspected that it would be a bit funny and you still learn something. But I'm pretty disappointed, even if there are a lot of good reviews. So obviously a lot of people can do something with this American soft lecture kind, but I'm not one of them. The conflicts and actions of the penguins seem to me to be very one-dimensional and set up. If it were so easy in practice, you wouldn't need so many books about change management. Now, of course, a fable is supposed to simplify and reduce it to the essentials, but it doesn't do that for me. My conclusion: Either with depth or really simple and funny. But at least my thing is not such a middle thing...
Well a little flat the book
The idea behind it is not bad, but the implementation is unsatisfactory.
The book describes a widespread power outage throughout Europe and later also in the USA. The basic idea of the story is in itself good and exciting. Here the slow decline of social structures is convincingly described. The text could have been very good, but it is not. The author does not want to write a novel, but rather a factual text about the lack of security in the power supply. For this reason, there are always lengthy teachings of the readers, in which this lack of security is described in detail. Nothing is left to the reader, but here the motto ""Tell, don't show"" applies. To give yourself the impression of writing a novel, a story is being built that resembles a bad American action movie in all respects.
Water damage to book cover and envelope
This book is one of the most superfluous works there is. You can basically only use it as a catalogue, which is why I give two stars here. But it will be clear that some of the things in this catalogue are more than flawed.
Unfortunately, this book is written a bit long-winded. I didn't finish because at some point I lost interest in the book.
Disappointing! Too much action within a period of a few hours. The style of the book is reminiscent of a comic.
Pretty lame.
0815 Trafficking history. Too similar to many other TV thrillers. Very slow.
It's not a littering experience
The story is too improbable and melodramatic. One incident piles up on the other. The main character, Sheridan, falls in love all the time. I would have expected a better novel from the author, who I hold in high esteem as Nele Neuhaus and Eva Almstedt. This already borders on kitsch.
I got the book as a gift, otherwise I wouldn't be talking about the title, the cover or the accompanying text. It is very quick to read and does not require any special intellectual skills, the language is kept very simple -> so the book is suitable for the subway, waiting times, airport or high fatigue before falling asleep.
The essential content of the book could have been described very well on 20-30 pages, the majority of the almost 700 pages reads as excitingly as a phone book or VIP directory, just with names of people and companies, a who's who incl. sums of money. There is already synthesis in the 3rd chapter but just, the amount of data is in a disproportion to the rather unspectacular statement.
Too debauched to make it boring.
The idea is original, but too little action for so many pages. Could have been more exciting.
"Did my aunt print out for me" quality. Booklet with six colorful pictures, impossible typeface, no text on the back, colorful page numbers. Loveless and talentless, as a goodnight story halfway ok.
In my opinion, the story is far too long and loses tension as a result. I'm also not sure if this novel was meant to be a thriller, satire or funny story. As a thriller not exciting enough, for a satire the bite is missing and for a funny story I found it a little too vulgar. Especially the sudden appearance of a mind/ghost I found too much of a good thing in the context of the whole story. What particularly bothered me, however, were the very many grammatical errors as well as twisted sentence positions in excess. A date (chapter heading) is also incorrect (correctly printed again in the list of each capital at the end of the book). Sorry, this book didn't make me want more from this author.
The content was very good and exciting. However, the output is full of bad spelling mistakes. That is very strange. More attention should be paid to this.
I didn't think the book itself was bad, but if you order any book to prepare for any exam, you usually assume that the solutions are not yet written in. It doesn't matter if the book looks like new from the outside, as I was told! So from the service i would give the supplier more 2 stars. The book was delivered quickly, but somehow it was just money thrown out. Really a pity!
I bought this book mainly as a reading material for my little daughter, simply because of the promise of "rich" illustrations. Unfortunately, both my daughter and I were completely disappointed in this area. In terms of content, of course, the book is perfectly fine and there is everything you need for evening reading or reading, but the lack of especially recognizable illustrations is really a big shortcoming. Nice title, also to have the collection on the Kindle, but not for people who are looking for a transition from picture book to regular book. What a pity.
As you can see from this book, the authors would like to find out for their lives how music can generate emotions in human beings. Unfortunately, however, they do not succeed. You can't even say why a minor chord can sound sad, they can't even say why you can express anything with music at all. What is the difficulty?
I bought this audiobook because I liked the title and the cover photo: I had adjusted to a touching, romantic story in historic Venice. In the meantime, I have listened to the first third of the novel with growing reluctance: the plot changes from scenes of violence to sexual threats, the prevailing tone of interaction is hostile-aggressive. It is no joy to wade through a morass of obscenities, brawls and insults all the time. I believe that the same action could very well do without all this aggression! I'm not sure I want to listen to this audiobook to the end.
Unfortunately, the book is already out of date. Find interesting that people are interested in something like this.
long-winded and boring
My wife wanted to read this book. I only flew over the first two or three pages and quickly came to the decision that I prefer the classic fairy tales. Jack Ryan is a wishful figure of the Americans, who obviously need an idol to somehow compensate for their dwindling importance on the international political boom.
A nice and entertaining story with morality. I miss a little the old funny novels that often made me laugh. This has rarely made me smile. An end without a great imagination does not help to save the book. Even if a little disappoint, not quite to throw away.
I find the language annoying to read and therefore did not finish reading the book.
Remember this book as a real snout
Unfortunately, the story was without uncertainty and drama. The idea of the story has had more of an impact on me than the storytelling. Reading the story was handmade. I've been red-faced, but it was boring.
Little pictures and sometimes meagre descriptions... at most for beginners... do not have the "Weber standard!
Our son needs the Lies times books for the school. It is the schoolbooks that are most unpopular with him, not to say hated. The lyrics are partly illogical and totally boring: painting flags..., a Flummi flies into space... Instead, how about sentences on nature & themes such as volcanoes, space or sport.
Technically, the author's ideas are comprehensible and explained to everyone. However, the content is so unnecessarily lengthened that it is an agony to read the book to the end.
2 stars, because it may help one or the other. But for me, there was nothing. Better to sniff in the bookshop before it is purchased.
I just can't share their views and i don't get involved.
Well, I bought the book because of the positive reviews. Unfortunately, I didn't like the book so much.
With counselors like this, I don't seem to be able to really take anything. That's all too spiritual for me and wischi waschi blah blah. There are probably people who like it. It's also too strict for me to get out of English. Content, language and everything, just nothing for me. Two stars for the smooth Amazon share. Easily loaded.
The content repeats itself several times, a third of the book would have done it! Besides, some exercises are very silly, sorry, I can't take it seriously... may help some, my case is absolutely not.
Unfortunately again a meaningless book for anyone who has become more involved with the subject. It just gets bored and really doesn't help. There's nothing you haven't read dozens of times
This book is actually a workbook for people who want to approach their inner child. Do this and leave it. It's a matter of taste. These modern instructions for use go to me on the biscuit. I had imagined something else under the book.
I couldn't do anything with it. What is the point of this esoteric talk of a shadow child and a sun child? And the fact that you are healed of trauma when you caress a child over the head in your mind and realize that everything is sooo long ago and finally over is simply a bit of a simple thought. .....
The author undoubtedly has a profound expertise, but the book does not "tie" me (at least so far). I read in several times and then gave it up again. I am more concerned about authors such as Ben Sweetland or Neville Goddard (although not easily comparable in terms of the subject matter).
I can't understand the hype around this book, it uses a very simple language, the author repeats himself constantly, I couldn't read out a life-changing or formative message. Lesser-known books have triggered more in me.
A very nice book, but without the profound wisdom that I would have mistakenly expected. Perhaps suitable as a first impulse for seekers. Not suitable for those who have already dealt with themselves and life. It was far too flat for my expectations.
I was very disappointed with the book. The plot is in itself a nice idea but overall far too superficial and no new suggestions. Don't go into the depths.
Rather disappointingly clear work with life wisdom spacked in a small story, according to the motto: it is important in life that one does something, that fills you and thus becomes the "purpose of existence" - in the following so often repeated that it is abbreviated as ZDE.....
The book had good reviews, but is really boring to yawn and who learns something for his life here, the one has not really had a glimmer of life so far. Such flat kitchen psychology is rare.
Esotheric nonsense. Examples are not consistent. The fisherman can only catch as many fish every day as he needs for daily life, but who paid for the boat, the licence to fish, the nets, the fishing utensils, the engine maintenance, the insurance, etc.? Gaukelt a simple life, if you just want. Don't fall for it!
I had decided to buy this book because I had heard a lot about it and the title appealed to me a lot. Unfortunately, I have to say that I was very disappointed. The writing style quickly bored me and also the statements in the book - no super-great insights that one would not have heard or recognized before in any way.
With all the good recessions, I expected more. One can already understand his situation somehow and the explanations to the questions are already conclusive and profound, but the story itself is somehow strange and not at all captivating. I couldn't put the book away without any problem and couldn't watch it for weeks before I read it. I wouldn't buy it again.
I didn't think the story was so credible, basically it's a book of guides, where you came up with a story about it?
It may be that it helps you to think about your life and your choices and ways, but I think there are better books...
Unfortunately, I am totally disappointed. I expected so much more for a bestseller. Topics are briefly touched and chewed up boringly. Unfortunately, everything is superficial and by no means profound. That is absolutely not worth the money.
I ordered the book because of the many positive reviews. It's okay, but definitely hasn't blown me away. Many general wisdoms that were sold as bestsellers.
Essentially nothing new - those who know books on time and self-management can do without this book. I won't read anything more from the author.
I don't like it so much. Is a bit too boring for me, especially the monologues (don't want spoilers) . It's a bit overrated. Is only my opinion!
The whole book in one sentence: "Do more of what makes you happy" and that wrapped in a tough, boring story. The 9,- € for the book can be invested better and thus guaranteed to be happier. The hype around the book is totally overblown.
Didn't catch me personally... have put it away more often than read, pulls quite tough. Is a matter of taste, some are enthusiastic about the book.
Just promised me more. A very short story about how you can shape your own life. In terms of content, the quoted short story about the fisherman can inspire as much as the whole book. So if you know the story, you can save yourself the book.
I honestly can't quite understand the hype surrounding this book. There are some interesting passages, but by and large life is not as easy as you could wish for and then everything happens like that.
The author's insights about life are not new and expand my consciousness. The intention sounds almost trivial, one has already heard and read a thousand times. Linguistically, it's also too easy for me.
I've been dazzled by the many super reviews. To me, the book seemed very banal.
Mega the hype around this book. However, I found that it discusses all the essential issues in a very superficial way.
Have heard so much about the book that I bought it. Unfortunately, I expected more. Nice to read, but no "wow"
The book is nice to read, a beautiful fantasy story, but it only helps to a limited extent to go its own way. I have found much better. Maybe someone else is doing it differently.
Had high expectations. Too hyped, it didn't seem so good
Have also received the recommendation for this book many times and therefore read. It is a nice story, but very superficial and written without depth.
Don't quite understand the hype. I found it rather boring.
Book was very shallow, hardly draught. Writing style not very exciting, narrative also not very exciting. I didn't like it.
To fall asleep. I flew over many pages. Was very disappointed.
I don't understand the good reviews at all, in this book i wasn't captivated or inspired by a quiet sentence.
This book was very short and really helpful unfortunately not either. I imagined more of it at least I had a few minutes to read.
Makes a little thought, but unfortunately is not beautifully written.
Was simply a summation of Instagram selflove quotes.. all in all, it didn't over
Disappointing
The book is yawningly boring and uninspired, the story seems eerily constructed to find space for dialogues in which there is nothing that one has not even thought about or read.
Behind the description I expected a lot - worlds too much. Why did I finish reading it at all? Because it's really very short - fortunately. Clearly, there is a great deal of work to be done in terms of content, without a doubt. For me, however, it was a mistake.
I had great expectations because I know and appreciate the book big five for live, but this book completely disappointed me. It wasn't even an interesting story. Man gets lost, ends up in ominous café, chats with a few people and.. Bam! Enlightened. Very far-fetched. Couldn't identify me in any way. Whereas the reunion in Café Buch touched me very much. It's best to read the second part, this book you can save yourself.
In terms of content, the book can be summarized in two sentences. It is a pity that the authors may be helped to succeed for such things. Shallow, light food American described (are all successful managers there... I have found out in the meantime). If I had known the content before, I would not have bought/read it. Is too trivial and boring. Little consolation - the book is thin and you're fast through.
I honestly expected more from a bestseller. The plot in the complete book is quite unspectacular. In addition, it is not particularly creative or humorously written. That's why I was bored from start to finish. Also I did not find the Ingalt particularly motivating to think about the meaning of life or something... Well, I'm definitely not going to buy the follow-up book.
The book is really not a new intellectual inspiration. If someone hasn't thought about such essential things as ''What do I do in my life that makes me happy?'' hasn't thought about it, he might feel well absorbed with this book. But really useless for me. You could offer it as a school reading 7-8 grade.
Somehow I can't do much with the book, it just doesn't appeal to me. unfortunately very monotonously written, which is why it is not fun to read on. Sorry I was so happy
I was disappointed with the book. Is a very, very light diet. The basic idea is not bad, but those who have already dealt with their life a little, these thoughts are not new to them.
Unfortunately I didn't like the book so much sorry. Had someone recommended me but unfortunately nothing for me next time
The book promises more than it can hold. Doesn't give new food for thought, nor is it excitingly written and basically a rather simple story. I will therefore rather refrain from further effusions of the scribe.
The book didn't convince me. Somehow written superficially and not really exciting.I was even bored while reading and couldn't read the book to the end
You can read it. You can think about it. But the latter can also be done if you have not read the book, somehow acting like a quick guide from one of these typical American seminars for middle-level employees of a medium-sized insurance company. Feel-good philosophy that comes wrapped in easy-to-digest but unsaturated words.
I can't understand the hype around this book in any way. It's a nice story... yes ok! I also enjoyed reading in places... also ok! But it's not one of the books I'll remember. All in all: Yes, you can read it in between, but you DEFINITELY MUST NOT. There are far better books that convey a deeper message without a lofty title like the meaning of life.
The much-praised booklet is rather flat in content. An overtired traveller gets unsettled by a few seemingly profound questions and is put on the right path by two super-friendly gurus. The didactics of the two are fatally reminiscent of those of sectaries, but even more so of TV shopping videos. Beautiful are the illustrations that deserve a better frame.
After the book was so much praised, I also wanted to read it in the hope of reading an exciting, touching or illuminating story. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. It reads fluently and in one go, but the message of the book is nothing new and not particularly original. On the contrary, this has been too shallow for me and, unfortunately, in reality it is not always feasible and by everyone. I wonder how this rather boring book could end up on the bestseller list.
The book is relatively short. On the individual pages there is not much on it, something "airy", the layout. The content has a teaching, if not better, effect on me. The book is not bad, but it is neither really funny, nor really exciting and also not really interesting. For my opinion, slightly below mediocrity.
I had expected a lot on the basis of the reviews, but after a few pages I had to realize that it does not go beyond a shallow, superficial and typically American self-help writing. In my opinion, it's absolutely overrated - there are hundreds of books on the shelves that are more worth reading. I was disappointed.
Unfortunately, it is very badly translated into German! The bumpy set structure hinders the reading flow. Syntax and grammar errors cast doubt on the skills of translator B. Lemke. In terms of content, however, a great story that offers very entertaining reading pleasure!
The book is not particularly exciting to read because it has no real story. It's philosophical, contains some nice anecdotes and makes you think about whether you're happy with what you're doing or whether you should change your lifestyle. In my opinion, it is not really something new.
I had been trying to read this book for a long time and now I was really looking forward to it. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. I couldn't draw any new insights from the book and I only read further because I was always hoping to find an enriching statement. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The postive: The book is easy to read and you're fast through.
In my opinion, this book is completely overrated. The output was predictable from the beginning, the writing style is very simple, the content is flat. As a basic introduction to the subject, the book may just be so recommendable, but all other readers will not come across unexpected twists or further wisdom.
I'm a bit surprised that so many people describe this book as "game changers." The book is nicely described and very aesthetic, but for me personally it is quite empty. Perhaps it is because I have already dealt strongly with the meaning of life and my own personality.
I'm disappointed with the book. Basically nothing more than one of many books about the meaning of one's own existence but in a very short and simple execution. Great back and forth talk without going into the depths. There are much better readings.
The book was a disappointment to me. In very simple language with the simple stylistic means of conversation between "student" and "teacher" three major questions of philosophy are presented. There is no discussion of the question, no discussion of the meaning of questions/answers for the life of the individual. The book is therefore quite one-sided and for me as life-changing as a tear-off calendar with philosophical quotations.
With great expectation I bought and read this alleged bestseller. Where do these positive reviews come from? A rather boring story, with sorry with common sense logical explanations. That's why I'm not going to read a book from this author anymore.
I expected a lot more.
I bought the audiobook because of the numerous positive reviews. I'm so disappointed...
It's an absolute mystery to me how this booklet can stay on the bestseller lists for so long. Banalities and truisms, was very disappointed.
By a bestseller I really mean something else. I had to torment myself through the pages. The same phrases are repeated. Had expected more of it.
The presented topic good, I was amazed at the small number of pages, nevertheless ordered, read and disappointed. The book could have been better written, given approaches to the presentation of the subject, but no detail is given on a described topic. Superficial.
So if you never wondered what interests you in life, the book vlt can be exciting. I found this quite pathetic both linguistically and in terms of content.
Very superficial and simple written. Can't understand the hype about it.
The book is more than disappointing! The key message can be summarized in one sentence: Find out what fills you in life and do exactly that.... Yawn.... In no way horizon-expanding, touching or "deep"
Very disappointing. Zero deep, full of heal-world clichés, written in a super-teacher's way. This book does not give me anything that I have not thought about a thousand times. But maybe this is different for some readers, therefore 2 stars instead of one.
After a promising, really great first chapter, the course of the book is just disappointing. The same artificial scene in the restaurant with the very didactic teachings seems bleak and annoying over time. Too bad, because the title is excellent and the first chapter (unfortunately only the first chapter) really succeeded.
The protagonists philosophize about the meaning of being - everything has already been heard/read. The basic idea is good (though not new), but the book as a whole is not very exciting. Personally, it didn't even make me think. Nice and simple written, but nothing special. Would have expected more.
Boring story, completely predictable, no new insights, not even very well written. On the other hand, reading the book doesn't hurt. If you've never dealt with the question of the meaning of life, it might be interesting.
This book offers a small stimulus to give his life more meaning. It reads easily and quickly, because its frame act is not very pronounced and its philosophical content is not very profound. Personally, it was a bit too simple for me.
I've been hit by the reviews, the pictures are beautiful but that's it. There are better books.
The title somehow suggested something different to me and The nature of the narrative I just found exhausting and couldn't listen to it until the end
Not really something for me. A little too boring.
Very debauchly written. Despite great interest in the subject, I do not manage to read the book. I also lack brief concise explanations of proteins, carbohydrates, etc. The content starts confusing for me with a mixture of diets, fats, fish and low carb etc. and I lack a clear outline. I would have thought this is a nutrition compass and find a diet guide. Too bad I would have hoped for more. I like the tips on the last pages. They would have been completely out of the way.
One thing I was very lacking in this book was the discussion of animal agony and environmental influences through omnivore nutrition. In my opinion, these issues must also be dealt with when creating a so-called 'nutrition compass'.
If you have been intensively involved in nutrition or have not found anything new in this book
This is not a compass. But it's a very boring book with countless repetitions. On the other hand, there are far better publications on the subject. Too bad for the many papers and the expenses for the book!
For a rough overview, the reading is sufficient.... sometimes things are broken down too much->Simplifying is not always good!!! Just because he analyses scientific studies does not mean that the book is also scientific...
You have to see where you get the stuff. Sometimes "simple" foods are complicated, probably because it sounds better. No comparison to the Hildmann books
If everything was too fancy for me and I don't like most of it. Too bad I could have saved the money
I'm totally disappointed. Don't understand the good reviews at all. Most of the recipes I've tried don't taste at all. Tip: Would rather think about it before I buy it. Just don't understand the hype. The 20 euros it is absolutely not worth.
Initially quite nice because it is an interesting thought experiment. Then it gets boring because new topics are opened up again and again, which are to be brought into a big context in part artificially or confirm the basic idea, but should not always seem suitable for this.
There are much better books on the subject. In part, the remarks were too superficial for me. And there was no original thought on which I can Romania. So: I would recommend it only to a limited extent. Sorry.
Partly very interestingly written, but often only very superficially argues and describes the development of mankind. The interesting passages do not cancel out the superficial falsify, therefore only 2 stars.
On recommendation, I read this book. For me, it is not scientifically proven enough. Lots of flattenings and erratic thoughts.
Too many guesses, far too fast conclusions and too sloppy diagnoses. The approach and the idea were interesting - the eergbnis didn't work for me.
I expected a little more, repeats myself often and does not have a completely conclusive effect on me.
Starts really well, but after 40 pages does not stick to the matter, but runs into speculations, theses, counter-theses, too much pastoral opinion and bold scientific curves. There are better books on the subject.
Unfortunately, I can't do anything with it. It has been recommended to me and is not so suitable for private life, in my opinion, but this is a matter of taste. Wouldn't buy it again.
At first I was enthusiastic about this book. About halfway through, I finally wanted to get it over. While reading, one thinks about the advice and tries to internalize it. Didn't read the book to the end because it bored me at some point.
The title promises something different from the content it gives. There are only general tips that everyone knows anyway.
The book didn't appeal to me and there was no interest in reading it...
Reviews were good, but content was very flat
No references throughout the book and a very superficial treatment of the subject. The examples shown seemed rather exaggerated.
It is exhausting to read all the stories of any successful person from which a rule is derived at the end of each chapter. I expected much more. Also in terms of content (e.g. to win a dispute, avoid it) not convincing.
I have enjoyed some books in advance on the subject or adjacent areas. This book was not easy to bear even as an audiobook. One anecdote follows the next one and in the end something small from the first hundreds of chapters comes to me. For me, the text is weak.
Well. The book was a gift. The recipient was delighted. However, the recipes do not appeal to me personally.
Newly ordered and just arrived. unfortunately the supposedly new BGB has traces of usage and kinks on the first pages, which I immediately noticed. Was packaged in one package and that's it. Will keep it anyway, because this is too much effort with the return and I need it for the university.
Ordered it for the university. Unfortunately, there are scraps of paper on the side, which probably originated during the production and the back is bent or has dents in it.
I stopped reading after the first third. A lot of things are nothing new and you notice the author's young years. Some theories contradict my experience and the approach of gestalt therapy and sometimes the author makes it very easy. Very bad.
Unfortunately, I am not profound enough in terms of content and was not really inspiring to me, BUT if you don't want to think big further quite suitable. Nevertheless, really very short, a pity....
This is definitely the last volume of this saga for me. It's getting more and more boring.
Not so mine. Relatively boring.
In my opinion, the gift was not necessarily a gift to the reader. The more famous the author, the more brutal the stories and also less psychologically refined .I will not do any more books of these author. He still excels with linguistic elegance, reading. The stories become too scrupulous for me.
Actually, a Fitzek goes easily by hand. The pages always flew through, but not here: the book was a torture, boring and predictable. In principle, it was enough to read the first and the last sentence of a chapter.
Couldn't read it to the end! The author connected so many coincidences and unbelievableness here that I couldn't read this book!
No matter what Sebastian Fitzek writes, I've devoured every book. But this book was a complete fallout. It has pulled so well. In addition, I also found the end of the story totally illogical and far too far-fetched. Currently the worst Fitzek I've read. Total disappointment..
The books are becoming more rapid, confusing and unlikely. A kaleidoscope of horror with so many twists and turns that one hopes to finally stay with One. But no, can keep spinning until it doesn't matter. Just like there are some gifts. Only which holds the title of the book, that remains at least to me puzzling.
I was initially thrilled to see the book exciting, but the unnecessary brutality and the many blood disgusted me. Gradually, the story became more and more confusing and illogical. The only goal: a plot that is as surprising as possible, almost at any cost. Too bad it started well, but ends in my eyes absolutely weak.
The story is not very sophisticated in my opinion, the characters are weaker than usual .. I wasn't as excited as I always am. but expectations are already very high.
Unlike all other Fitzek books, I found this unreadable. The theme was like pulling her hair and written very unrealistically. Here a coherent and comprehensible action is missing, everything seems exaggerated and not credible. What a pity. Hope the next one gets better again.
I didn't like it. The plot was exaggerated & pulled by the hair. What a pity.
Not recommended. The beginning was promising, tough in the middle, the end awful. It's a pity I read it. Too bad to be fired up, but will pass it on.
I didn't like the book "The Gift" at all. Very confusing people. The conclusion at all, could not understand him.
Writing style insufficient, tension is only delivered by brutality.
It was OK, there are better books. The book is beginning very long-winded the end happens unfortunately very fast (and forevorgable)
Not the best book. Am a big Sebastian Fitzek fan and have read all his books. The story here is quite weak. I didn't like it so much.
Too bad, this title really wasn't very good...
The first third of the story totally boring and sometimes somehow just doof... towards the end it gets a little more exciting, but all in all rather disappointing.
I was very disappointed with this book. It was written as usual excitingly (that's why I forgive 2 POINTS) , but completely implausible.
I bought the book because of the many good reviews. Unfortunately, I didn't like it at all. The story is tough and drags itself away... there are really nice moments that also moved me to tears... nevertheless, the book could not captivate me so much that I finished reading it... What a pity
I read this book and I didn't like it... I couldn't get warm, it was just too confused and not a nice story for me!
The whole story is rather boring. Surprises remain. A book I definitely wouldn't recommend. Based on the previous reviews, I wanted a more exciting book.
I read the book when it was published as a paperback. One cannot speak of a high voltage, very long-winded. Some chapters are superfluous and do not contribute to the understanding of the course of action. In view of the price of the radio play, I will not take this on.
This book was uploaded to Kindle by my wife because she is a fan of Michelle Obama. As a "multi-reader" her review: the book is boringly written - reminiscent of school essays.
Nicely written in itself, but sometimes far too long and without happenings. Could have been shorter.
I found it deadly boring
I got the book as a gift at Easter and was blown away by the many positive reviews, I was looking forward to reading it. Until page 73 I persevered, tried to question myself critically, because the book stirred me from side to side, at the same time it bored me so bored. My own life story is much more exciting than these artificially colorfully painted 73 pages. Maybe it's because of the narrative style, so it didn't motivate me to read on.
Unfortunately, I have to say that this book is one of the most boring autobiographies I have ever read. Hundreds of pages are about an ice cream she is with an old school friend, the scratches on her aunt's piano and other trivialities. You hardly learn what really moves or drives them. In the end, you get the impression that she is a very nice person, but not a very interesting person.
The book is well-intentioned by the author but the advice is so general that it is practically inapplicable.
Personally, the book has not brought me much added value. It's very general and I don't feel safer now than I did before. Unfortunately, there are also almost no examples that could add value to the book.
Spelling mistakes and blank pages at the end (not quite a few) on which you can enter your own trades, as well as grammatical mistakes, make the book somewhat unprofessional. Basically, however, the terms are well explained
The content of the book is okay for beginners. The spelling and grammar, as well as representations are very bad. I sent the book back.
With the beautiful cover I hoped for more. Unfortunately, just lovelessly typed a few recipes and glued together. Will send it back.
Didn't really knock me over. Gives better books on the subject of chefs.
The recipe book has no recipe photos. Seems boring.
Unfortunately, it wasn't what I imagined. Very one-sided and not so great for people who don't eat everything.
It's not really worth spending money on this. All right, but absolutely nothing new.
Strenuous to read and nothing special or new.
There are several errors in the book, from spelling errors to incorrect paragraphs, as well as sometimes massive problems in layout. Is strodemable readable.
Really boring book. Had expected more in points strategy.
I am somewhat disappointed. Not a real story, just a collection of sham visionary scraps of thought. I didn't even laugh. Too bad for the money.
According to an algorithm written by two literary scholars, this book has everything a bestseller needs - the right themes, the right rhythm, the right style, the right protagonist. I couldn't see that. Boring.
The thesis is contemporary, unfortunately very long-winded told with repetitions of numerical material. Could one also present it differently. The arc of tension consistently stays at an average level until the end, unfortunately it does not meet the expectations that one expects as a reader after so many pages.
Unfortunately, I have to say that I have only read 70% of this book. Why? Because I just didn't want to read it any more. As described in the previous reviews, the story sounds interesting, but is implemented very boringly.
Although with a few important thoughts about our present and future, a guest article in a daily newspaper would have been enough for this. In any case, the story and the characters are unoriginal and sometimes unpleasantly clichéd. Egger's previous books i liked better, but were thematically less en vogue.
I have rarely been so annoyed to have spent money on a book as i did in this case. I have to admit, I just managed to read 7% (Kindle) of the book and am deeply disappointed. The main character Mae and the alleged elite of the fictitious company "Circle" with its three ways and the "40s gang( AUA!) are an incredibly naive entity and thus do not represent an elitist organization of clever minds that I have serious difficulties to read further. The story is simply implausible from the very beginning and almost an insult to the reader.
Well, I think with the topic you could have really built something, too many lengths and repetitions. It splimmers so much, the plot undramatic. I'm almost through now and basically not much has happened. Yes, it gives the impression that it is a description of what is still to come in the sense of the glass user. Unfortunately, it's not exciting. What a pity
Since the book has to be read at high schools in the meantime, the paragraph is taken care of. The story is predictable, the protagonist Mae is kind of naive that it hurts. Perhaps people's undifferentiated style of speech is due to translation?
I can only hope that this world never-never comes. Otherwise I was bored to death. A funny book, I can't recommend it.
Tension is limited. This novel describes in a satirical form how the digital world could develop if one did not watch. You read it comfortably in 4 weeks, shorter was not possible for me, always had to put it away after 30 min, because then I lost interest.
Predictable novel. I almost put it away in between, but then decided to read it on. The characters are transparent, the course of the story too obvious.
Writerically and linguistically rather mediocre, many repetitions and foreseeable developments. I had to force myself - also because of the partly enthusiastic reviews - to read the book to the end, but remain disappointed and untouched back
Flat figures, unconvincing motivations, little technical engagement with the subject, predictable end.
a promising idea that is slammed by boredom and boredom. Too bad for the wonderful beginning of the book, the author could have made more of it
The idea behind the book is interesting and the reading stimulates at first. Then, unfortunately, it becomes banal all too quickly.
The idea of technology is partly well taken up. However, conclusions from this are illogical. Also some passages are formulated without effective content.
Have read with difficulty to the end. No tension. The arc is wide-crossed when the actual topic comes up. *yawn. A simple murder would certainly have been more readable.
Not very exciting or well written. Don't tie me up
No tension at the beginning you know who the perpetrator is and why. Nothing just boring. Too bad for the reading time
The hard-hitting, relationship-disturbed komissarin; the resolution is unfortunately quite predictable. Unfortunately, the thriller couldn't captivate me. That was the last book in this series for me.
It stretches like chewing gum. Constant repetitions where nothing happens. The book could have ended in half of the pages.
I now wonder why I ordered the book. Nothing happened, the whole thing was a repetition of the previous books; What a pity. I was really looking forward to it. Conclusion, a pity for the money and the time in .that one hoped that it will get even better. If you can't think of anything, you should stop.
This is definitely the last volume of this saga for me. It's getting more and more boring.
Not so mine. Relatively boring.
The book doesn't meet my taste. But that is only a personal opinion. Rather the thriller reader. So this book was too snumforable for me.
How did I look forward to this audiobook ... and what i was disappointed about ... Unfortunately, the reader (in my opinion) does not understand the feeling of capturing the mood of the book. She also chooses the emphasis completely wrong in some places. Those who love the books should stay with them! Too bad it could have been a wonderful audiobook ...
Simply badly done audiobook version. First, the book was shortened, apparently arbitrary! Whole key scenes have been omitted, so you just can't get into the story of Edward and Bella, sometimes you don't have a chance to get to know them properly. Even Mrs Grote can no longer save this misery. Her actual pleasant voice may still be suitable for reading Sparks or Pilcher novels, but not for a novel of this kind. What a pity!
A great book but a very poor implementation as an audiobook. Anyone who likes Stephenie Meyer's books should leave their hands off the audiobooks. Absolutely unlovingly implemented and with many cuts. Take the time and read the books yourself.
I can't recommend this book. Especially if you have read the "original version". It's just disappointing and really confusing.
Simply dying boringly and without any sense. Not even half as good as other books.
Very nice, but in my opinion unnecessary.
It's not worth it.
After devouring the series "Tribute of Panem" several times, I was very much looking forward to this novel, but in the end I was bitterly disappointed. The story was, in my own, rather confused and unnecessarily protracted, the characters all inaccessible and the writing style also far from rousing. What a pity!
I didn't read the book to the end. The content pulls the reader down extremely, the mood is gloomy. I didn't like the book.
After 200 pages you have the feeling to know the end already and the impression the story would be sufficiently told in a volume. Overrated!
The book arrived stained and soiled in the insides. Even an old patch has stuck there. The condition of the book was described in a completely different and much better way than it actually was. The story is great, of course.
Here, it is not cooked from the ground up, but finished products mixed together into boring dishes. Rather what a hot-lazy vegan newcomer and enough money.
I don't think it's a really good book. The author is looking for profit. He writes as he is. What a pity
Unfortunately, not really good ideas. Suitable for children at best.
I was very disappointed with the film, I was expecting something big, it all plays in such a backyard environment, with backyard actors, and without any real action phases! It has nothing to do with the joker I know from the comic! He doesn't have any class!
I borrowed the film, which was so highly praised by the press, and I was so bored that I read a book at the same time. Robert de Niro has upgraded the film.
Anyone who expects a comic film has not been informed in advance and will be disappointed. Unfortunately, the film as a psycho-thriller does not convince either and remains for a large part inconsequential and flat. I'm bored and can't understand the hype around the film in the slightest.
Acting without question certainly good ... but for 14.99€ was definitely a mis-buy. I was very tormented by the film.
Unfortunately, the film was so sleepy that I had to start it a second time. The plot was so well, played the psycho quite well. If I had gone to the cinema I would have been extremely annoyed
Well, crazy movies and extreme is not for me
Unfortunately, the anticipation has not been confirmed.... even the outstanding leading actor could not make up for this disappointment.
Our friends had recommended this film to us. But we didn't like him. Too little action and too focused on the actor.
A bit boring,I expected more
That it won't be an action movie was clear, but we found it really very boring... Performance of the performers was good, but this constant laughter... Just annoying... We really had hoped for more of this.
Didn't live up to expectation!
Had a very different idea of the film, by reason of moviegoers ran out because it would be too brutal. No film for me, too little horror.
Apart from the fact that there is a clown running around, the strip has nothing to do with the Joker or DC in general. A long-form drama without surprises.
Boring! The film stretches like rubber and without any action and excitement
I didn't like the film. I expected a little more after all the hype than this pseudo deepen washcloth. The actors were all really good, but if the movie is still bad, that's supposed to mean something.
Unfortunately, I cannot say much about it. The film is praised by many to heaven, but I can't understand any of these statements. It all stretches like a chewing gum and is absolutely not interesting.
The film is too psycho for me. Not my taste
Was totally disappointed with the film. As highly praised as he was in the media, he is too boring! Joker absolute disappointment
Not as exciting as you thought
Too dreary, too "psychological" but at the same time depressing !
Can only partially agree with the good rating of the film.
Unfortunately, action is not so sophisticated, so there are no surprises due to the predictability.
Don't like it.
I would have expected more in terms of the action! Rather a psychological thriller. What a pity...
What a hype and what a dreary film, money not worth.
Good actor bad story, no suspense
I'm actually a huge DC fan. But this is not possible here. Mr. Phoenix's acting performance was top. But the film. Omg. Zero story and constant this stupid laughter. Underground. Could have been filmed differently. That was NIX!!!!!!
Sorry, but the story is just boring and long-winded (and no, we're not a Rambo clientele). One waits 2h in vain for a climax, voltage curve misindication. Joaquin Phoenix, on the other hand, plays excellently, hence 2 stars.
Partly boring. And somehow disturbed. Luckily, I hadn't seen him in the cinema. It is not a penny. It is also unrealistic. No normal person would run after him because of a ridiculous sign that was stolen from him. Especially since no one would be interested in stealing son shield. Just to see this scene right at the beginning of the film, I was looking for an eye roll, just squead. Whoever celebrates the film with the vote what not.
I recommend taking "distance from jokers". Brutal scenes coupled with a psychologically decorated story make the film anointing! Sensitive people could develop real depression through the many violent scenes. Only the good acting performance is worth a star more!
You can see what happens again when you rely on Amazon reviews. The majority simply have no idea or the reviews were purchased. The movie is just boring with an end where you think like that was now?! Had I done the 2 hours a nap would have been better used the time.
Somehow, this movie has nothing at all to do with Batman's Joker. The title from the under-average to the insane would fit better here. the acting performance of the leading actor was certainly very good. But don't use anything if the script is uninteresting.
What's the hype for? I couldn't hear this annoying guy laughing after ten minutes. And that's exactly what he does for two hours without ceasing. I have no idea why I didn't prefer to knit a sweater for two hours. Even that would have been more exciting.
The film is more like chewing gum... few violent scenes ... much laughter .... and in the end just boring :( ... acting well implemented but really lame story ....
a single disappointment. Sure, great played but it just doesn't grab me. The story is predictably uninspiring
I just wanted to order the CD. If only I had done it, because the footage is grotesque. There's nothing re-mastered. Sorry therefore only 2 stars.
Those who attended the original concert will be disappointed. Poor image quality cannot be ironed out by the great sound. A real concert atmosphere does not want to set itself. What a pity.
my expectations were much higher. I haven't seen the exhibition yet and thought it was a preparation - but somehow the lust for the exhibition has passed...
The colour quality of this DVD leaves a lot to be desired. The colors are far too dark, sometimes you don't see anything at all. Unfortunately, you cannot return the opened pack.
Although the CD is ok, the case has cracks and cuts. The condition was indicated as "very good". In my opinion, this is not the case. In addition, the damaged packaging should have been pointed out!
I am absolutely disappointed. After reading the book, I wanted to see the film or the movies about it. Unfortunately, the film is very modified and has nothing to do with the plot in the book. There were a lot of things just not like in the book. But there is a star for the great staging and the good actors.
I didn't like the movie so much, I found it a bit boring. Promised me more of it. I just hope that the 2nd part will get better.
So if you have trouble falling asleep, you should get this Harry Potter, something of a boring one. OK, who Potter fan is please beautiful and the tastes are different, but my wife and I have succeeded us to death. Luckily, the BluRay was still reduced in price so it was still too painful.
The box itself is fine. But a very poor Blue Ray quality, constant image and sound dropout - No movie fun, just annoying!!!
Worst part of Harry Potter. Partly very boring and also very different from the parts before. If you had saved better and made part 2 10 min longer.
Have all the other Harry Potter movies. But this part I have to say is said in German: boring. I fell asleep at half of the film. I hope that the second part will be more exciting. After the last part, no more books should be written and no more films should be made. I believe that this issue has been put out to tender.
The actions are chopped off and the film is turned far too dark. I was very disappointed with the directing performance compared to the previous films.
Harry Potter fans won't be scared of this, but compared to the first episodes, the last film simply lacks the magic.
2 stars for "well-intentioned", which is known to be the opposite of "good". Even as true Harry Potter fans, this part hasn't ripped us off the pedestal. In the 2nd part I will look in somewhere briefly and within 2 (!) Minutes decide whether it's worth watching.
Unlike the previous ones, I was very disappointed by the film. He doesn't have a real ending and didn't "fulfill" me as a Potter fan.
We have bought all the films so far and watch them occasionally, now also together with our children. But we don't like the 6th part at all. The film is so dark that I thought the TV was broken. Even with the end, we couldn't do anything. For people who don't know the books and just want to enjoy the movies, the end of the film is incomprehensible.
The film is really just for real fans. The first films were very beautiful from the plot, execution and the overall design. This one is completely different. Dark, confusing and meaningless. Once you look, it's enough.
Unfortunately, the film almost completely lacks the connection to the book. Important details essential for the stoy were simply omitted. What a pity!
I find the film very good in its dramaturgy. I also find the "dark" film adaptation very appealing and appropriate in principle. Unfortunately, this can only be enjoyed in the cinema, because I unfortunately don't recognize anything on the TV and have a kind of radio play. What a pity.
If you don't know the book, the film leaves you rather ignorant. The effects are top, the narrative of the story a flop.
I think my beamer is defective because this movie is far too dark! This Potter movie is only moderate LYS!
You don't necessarily have to see this movie. The plot drags on, often incoherently.
Sorry but diarrhea is better than this movie. I don't let "stars" affect me and i've looked at him... Up to half, but in this case I really don't have the words! Camera guidance perfect! Story or what you can call here is absolutely scrap! This is my first ever review on Amazon. Too bad for the hour of my life...
The fourth Potter film is nothing more than a series of optical effects without any inner connection. Those who don't know the book won't know what it's all about, the readers among us know what it should be about, but you won't find much of it in the film. Here, only the least effort should be made to make as much money as possible and I think with horror of the filming of the next - more complex - books: let them stay better.
I'm not a Harry Potter fan, and I haven't read any of the books. I have seen all the three previous films and found them good. This film is boring over long distances, although apparently much has been taken out, boring and at times almost embarrassing. The appearance of the other two magic school teams is reminiscent of revue films of the 50s or even worse of Bollywood movies. Even the few exciting scenes have been skilfully defused.
Two-and-a-half hours of roaring boredom. There are always tasks and challenges to be mastered that always lead predictably into digital theatrical thunder. A comprehensible action is missing, as is an arc of tension. Those unfamiliar with the staff of the Harry Potter cosmos will find this film superfluous.
Thank you for freeing me from my GoT addiction. This season is for getting used to. Logical gaps, implausible strange character changes of the protagnoses. All that Made GoT, just go away! Somehow the plot quickly swirled together and brought to an end.
It all seems so different, the last season just gives me the impression that you are trying to finish as quickly as possible and wrap everything in an action movie. Characters don't trade as you would expect from them, combat choreography is no longer present, fights are just "Hack'n slay" or 30 min Dragonfire. There is a lack of depth, there is simply a lack of what Got has made of Got.
I loved seasons 1-7. Season 8 disappointed me. You use an entire episode for a battle. For this, other storylines are rushing quite quickly and sometimes unlovingly. That I didn't like the resolution is my problem - already clear. All in all, however, it is still a pity.
I have shied away from it for so long, because for a long time I still believed in the deepest heart that George R. R. Martin would still be in the thick of it. But this was probably a wasted effort in life. Like much of this last season, if you compare it to the previous ones by book template. It is a pity, a great pity.
Honestly, I've been a big fan of this series from the first season. I have become a throne junkee. However, the last season was long-winded and disappointing. I actually fell asleep.
Too bad for the money. The season ruined the work before that, which gave hope for a furious finale and it was completely dirty. The advantage was my wife and I were able to have fun while looking and discuss what was worse in the sand from the other's point of view, which is why two stars for this conversation approach
Unfortunately, a very weak end to an extraordinary series! The story became more and more superficial with each season, and characters that you developed over a period of time and who had very large potenital were simply not used. Unfortunately, the end has come and the surprise seam, which was so successful at the beginning of the series, hardly existed. I expected a lot more and was disappointed.
The last season is unfortunately extremely boring in many places and in others totally over-the-top. I didn't like it. The tension that has been built up in the rest of the seasons has simply disappeared into nothingness. What a pity! Had a lot of potential.
Unfortunately the worst season of all - Unfortunately, the feeling arises very quickly that you just want to put it behind you, because you are curious about the end...
All logic and narrative are missing here. One can only be glad that the end was made, because there was nothing narrative in it anymore. A three-quarter-hour city-burning is also boring ...
Unfortunately very disappointing. The implementation of the end was not well-worked out. It feels like they just wanted to get it behind them quickly. As always, the actors have mastered this magnificently and there are no criticisms of them.
Disappointing series end... I don't have the words to describe my disappointment... one could have made much more of it, because the 1-7 relays are the proof.... just a pity.
Unfortunately, the most expensive and disappointing season. The fights have been turned too dark probably in cost to save. Or you expected too much.....
Oh man, what a disappointment. A story pulled by the hair and an unworthy end to this in itself great series. Too bad, only the departure of Lost was worse.
One should have waited until George R.R. Martin had finished writing the books. Without a template, Benioff and Weiss have mudded it out. Because they just can't do better.
The previous seasons were really good and exciting. The last season rated here is just disappointing. My whole family and acquaintances are also disappointed.
Saves the money and waits for the free TV version. Moderate conclusion of the Game of Thrones series. From episode three awful story and a disappointing ending. 
Unfortunately, this was nothing to do with the long-awaited finale, no plot, no story... only ratz fatz quickly finished the series.
Unfortunately, the end of this saga is not my idea. It's disenque, after such a great series, such an end. I was expecting something different.
Worst season and the end is mega bad. It's best to wait until it's on TV.
Far too fast and bumpy, one simply notices the lack of the book template and the master of the story G.R.R. Martin in the production.
In the first episode, nothing happens at all. Very disappointing. In the second episode, even less happens. Think that's a pity, where there are only six episodes and so much fuss was made in advance about the last season. I hope that in the last four episodes at least SOMETHING happens.
See disappointing end to GOT. Pulls like chewing gum. I forced me to watch the series feritg. And this after all the positive seasons..... What a pity
Since I'm a big game of thrones fan, I bought the season directly to watch the episodes immediately. But was very disappointed by the badly written season.
Finally to the end, disappointing, good that I didn't wait for the BlueRays, I don't need.
Unfortunately, the DVD does not have the expected quality. Short dropouts in the sound output and longitudinal stripes that become visible in the dark phases of the films. Too bad - I probably have to buy new from another provider in order to get the full enjoyment.
SO I didn't imagine the end of the season. The characters are faded and implausible.
Unfortunately, this stagger breaks everyone else. What a pity...
Since you are 7 seasons looking forward to the end and then you get something like that. Very disappointing.
The delivery was fast and uncomlicit, which would have been worth 5 stars. But the content of the 8th season left a lot to be desired (of course Amazon can't do anything about it). In terms of content, this has gone powerfully into the pants.
The long wait was not worth it. I'm disappointed.
How could this go down the creek? An exciting series became a soap opera. I'm glad it's over.
The series is madness but they just messed up the last season! What a pity!!
Well, there's not much to say, because there's not much story.
Six episodes in feature length were announced. So far, there are two episodes under an hour!
Unfortunately, a very disappointing conclusion to the saga. Had hoped for more.
I don't think this season is that great. The others were better.
That's it?!? Not the end in itself, the way of the narrative, compressed to a few episodes, does not correspond to the usual "high-level".
After three episodes, I slowly runs out of desire. Boring, predictable, long-winded. Only effects instead of stories. Three stars for backdrops and actors, not a single one for the script.
What to say. quickly clapped to start another project as soon as possible. Unfortunately, this last season avoids my desire for Game of Thrones.
Unfortunately, as a fan of this series, I am disappointed. The so-called battle was almost only 30 minutes of darkness, barely recognizable. Or should it have been due to the Night King??
I bought this season because I missed it in the collection. I honestly am disappointed with the image quality, the season itself is very good.
Elaborately filmed battles but bad plot full of gaps. You wish you hadn't looked any further after Season 7.
As a big fan of the series, I'm disappointed with the finale. I expected a lot more. I can't understand many of the makers' decisions. For me, this is a miserable end.
By far the weakest relay.
Unfortunately, the relay could not follow the level of the previous one....
Bad end for such a successful series, unfortunately the last episodes came over a little loveless and uncreative.
Poor image quality... too darkly exposed... Anyway
Would have expected more in the final.
Boring end of the season
A naughtiness, what is offered here. The authors should be ashamed of themselves.
Herrje, it was a disappointing finale. Why exactly, now goes too far. I think that some who have learned to love the series over the years, with all the slow character build-up of the protagonists and the simultaneous surprising passing of important characters, know what I mean.
Disappointingly implemented end. The plot would easily have been enough for two more seasons, and probably wouldn't have seemed so forced... I still suspect that this season is meant to have a reason to read the future books.
Sorry, but this season isn't good throughout. I don't know what went wrong, but I should have saved the money.
Go like this, end is unsatisfactory...
Unfortunately the worst of all seasons with a loveless finish
Total disappointment. The last season is not how got really is or was.
As others have written, I also find that the last season brings the otherwise great series to an inglorious end. Too short, bad dialogues, contradictory action, etc. It's a pity that HBO has allowed such a thing :-(
By the overall impression the worst of the 8 seasons
No draught. No comparison to the first seasons
Really the worst season of all so far. Characters are loveless and dialogues are totally bad. Just finishing quickly was the motto here. Just SCRAP
Unfortunately by far the worst season. An unworthy end to an otherwise grandiose series. The people in charge probably wanted to finish too quickly. What a pity...
Mega disappointing. Such a great series and then such a miserable last season!
The image quality sometimes leaves something to be desired !!!
But Roland Emmerich did not deliver. The movie "Midway" just doesn't have any tension. In some scenes on the American aircraft carriers you can see most clearly that they are studio recordings. At the rental price of 0.99 cents just justifiable.
The 4K BlueRay list my Bluerayplayer does not and the Blueray DVD shows lfd standing images and has sound failure.
Loud Green Room recordings. Hardly real scenes. Pathetic. American. A bit of a pity because I actually like Emmerich. No comparison to the original from 1976
A series of scenes in the form of "Fast Passage Through the Pacific War". Unfortunately without real depth, but with plenty of pathos. Unfortunately typical popcorn cinema ala Roland Emmerich.
I didn't like it. Effects look fake.
Just bad - my wife fell asleep several times....
Worst film by Emmerich! Confusing, pieced together. Amy the superheroes. With chewing gum in the mouth alone against the Japanese army. Yes madness an absolute disappointment. I was expecting pearl harbor with new actress and better technology... New actor there.... The Technology Disaster
Camera guidance, image editing, story development, etc. extremely weak. Emotional depth, which went into kitsch in episodes I-III, is simply not present in VII-IX. If you feel an excitement here, you will certainly also get tears when you turn on your Playstation. Adam Driver (Kylo Ren) charismatic and misplaced. Only John Williams is brilliant as always. But the soundtrack doesn't save the movie either. - Star Wars IX is certainly very popular with children.
Alsi I'm really a Star Wars fan but it's almost a naughty thing to ask for 19.99 euros. Since Lucas sold his company you notice it is getting cheaper and more lovely. I'm sorry, but even the old Starwars movies had a better arc of tension, better animations relative to production time. A tragedy. the subject of Star Wars is sloppy because they just don't think of anything that you haven't seen in an episode at some point. Look forward to the new Avatars and Matrix I hope they are better.
The film had some nice moments... but that's not a great art when you're throwing too many characters around. The story is completely overloaded and not really creative. The film looks more like an artificially crafted conclusion that looks anything but round
Completely epic scenes that captivate and entertain you but can hardly be surpassed by logic and film errors. So clumsy and obvious that it's a naughty thing to publish something like this. In addition, an incomprehensibly uncreative story and the love story at the end has pushed the foreign shame to the extreme. Popcorn entertainment but worst Star Wars movie of all!
What the series has done with all the new movies is just howling ...
A succession of many beautiful pictures, a lot of senseless action and absolute wasteland in terms of content. With this work, those responsible have impressively proved that they have understood nothing at all of the actual significance of the early Star Wars films. Congratulations! It could hardly have been shown more clearly and clearly!
Unfortunately not a nice movie for me all messed up has nothing to do with Star Wars no more good actors really hurt.
The worst thing about the film is the particularly shallow dialogues.
If I were to write a detailed description of why this film is unworthy of Star Wars, I wouldn't be finished tomorrow! Hence the core statement in one word.... Boring!!!
Not the Star Wars you know. Fast and forced end .
Medium mediocrity and no goosebumps in a Star Wars movie. Since only one star is reserved for Episode 8, here 2 stars.
Not what it was anymore.
Tough like a chewing gum!
Very flat dialogues, unfunny, sometimes even really embarrassing. The effects are of course as always super only what good is that if the rest is so boring.
In the film you notice the Disney stamp. Little remains of George Lucas. Especially in the conversations is noticeable. Disney has tried to maintain the Star Wars magic, but there's just too much Disney style involved
Image and sound effects very good. Story total garbage. Evil could win, right? But no. As always, everything is predictable. Boring!
You can watch the movie, no more. In the beginning galactic marital dispute. Partly complete nonsense.
Very disappointing second part. The story seems pieced together and the songs too coerced. Very bad, we were very much looking forward to the film and missed it in the cinema. The only bright lights are Olaf and Sven!
wasn't worth it - nice pictures, but the story was really smeared! The first part was sooo beautiful! I was annoyed!
Unfortunately, the film has hooked in some places and did not run round. I hope the replacement is going better....
Disappointing! We were really looking forward to the second part. But it wasn't as good as the second. Is usually the case with sequels...
After the film, it is a mystery to me how to botee the magic of the first part in such a way?! The second part somehow wants to be everything at the same time... As a result, it went into the pants. The film is no longer suitable for children!
Was too long-winded, the important passages were too short.
The story is disjointed and illogical.
Illogical already in the first action scene. Drones are programmed to blow everyone up except Banning. But he's always standing next to the president. So how do you plan that? .. Ridiculous
In terms of content flat, the effects are incredibly cheap (smartphone class). It's not even suitable for popcorn cinema.
Sorry, despite the many positive reviews I am unfortunately not thrilled! I found the camerawork kind of funny and the whole movie seemed so cheap to me. But that's just my feeling, I expected more! Of all the parts, this was by far the worst, for me!!
I thought the series was really good until I got to that part. It is completely different, only the actors remind of the previous part. Poorly thought out, almost everything predictable, monotonous and long-winded. The stars are available for the action and the actors...
Öder, boring ballerfilm with a completely predictable story and a leading actor who goes out of his way. Further vocabulary is implausible (the other two were, but they were much rounder), tough and superfluous.
After 20 minutes you can turn off the movie. Always the same. First a star, then accused, then again a star. Always the same story. Boring. Despite many, many dead and even more explosions.
Can't keep up with the first 2 movies. Boring script. Not worth the loan price
Well, whoever only half-looks certainly notices after 10 minutes who it was and why. The content action factor is also always the same, thus predictable and therefore quickly boring. Appearance of the father is minimal aha-moment but actually completely unimportant for the story.
You have to like Gerard Butler to watch this movie to the end. Lots of action, little acting performance. What a pity! I'm disappointed.
For my taste rather boring without real highlights, a lot of action but unfortunately no tension, because the whole plot is predictable. What you expect is happening.
The most boring film in this series. Does not come close to the first 2 parts. Unfortunately, everything is predictable. What a pity.
Well, it's just zero-eight-fifteen stuff that you've seen like it twenty times... Soulless cinema
No comparison to the first two parts. Somehow, the story is missing here.
So, I've seen a bunch of action movies, but it really wasn't what you'd expect from a 4.5 star movie. Conclusion: Not really recommended, first see if you find something better.
That was a clear zero number. Cheap production without a clear red thread.
But nothing could break from your stool in this film. Morgan Freeman was out of place as an actor of Format here. Other film series have already worked on and processed this topic much better.
The first movie was still great but with this one I almost fell asleep.
The film promises more than it holds
Fad... just bland..
Bad plot, hardly any fight scenes! Worst part of triology!
Much less action than in the other two films. One guesses what is to come.
Unfortunately the weakest part of the series, a pity... neither the action nor the script is right here... everything very thin...
This film doesn't get off the stool
For me, it's a relatively low-tension action movie with sometimes bad CGI effects and colorless characters.
We were very disappointed with the film. Have promised us much more.
Inconsequential and badly done.
Unfortunately, the third part is clearly the worst film in the series. What started with "Olympus hast fall" exciting and action-packed and had to suffer some losses in "London has fallen" is now completely lost here. The plot is completely unbelievable, the characters only caricatures of themselves. What a pity!
Compared to the two previous movies "Olympus has fallen" and "London has fallen" boring.
Rarely seen such crap. No comparison with Parts I and II.
Overdue sucked-out story! With some movies you should have been good after the first part!!
Of course, no one expects a sensational plot and depth of content at Rambo, but this time the franchise has reached a new low. Everything predictable, clumsy action and very shallow dialogues. Thank God I borrowed the product and didn't buy it. Definitely not recommended.
This film is not worth watching. You get the feeling that Sly only did it because he needed money. Anyone who knows the first Rambo films will be very disappointed with this one. Stallone, too, should realize when the time has come to say goodbye to the screen.
I was very much looking forward to the new Rambo but was quite disappointed. Somehow the spark didn't jump over. It also takes a very long time for the film to pick up some momentum. There are much better action movies, e.g. the two "equalizers" with Denzel Washington.
The money should be saved. All that is shown in the trailer is also what reminds of Rambo. Otherwise, a very tired kidnapping story. I am very disappointed.
I was really disappointed with the movie. Rambo Last Blood is not nearly as good as the previous parts. Unfortunately, only a tired gossip and infusion of the title. What a pity
What a scarof. This is so far away from the original theme, like another solar system. The core issue may be important, but implementation is terrible.
Has nothing to do with Rambo. It's a weird movie. If it is in vain, look at it. But you can also let it be.
Well, what can I say, a lot of gelaber, a funny synchro, a lot of gelaber, involuntary witty dialloge, and a brutal conclusion... you can look, but you don't have to
Certainly always a matter of taste - I didn't like it. Partly unnecessarily brutal, the plot very flat and the film has drawn a lot of length. No comparison with the other parts and, above all, no dignified conclusion.
Bad, absolutely unworldly action, without any relation to reality?! In too many places the viewer asks the question - Why?! Completely rushed and ill-conceived actions of John that rob the film of the last spark of credibility.
So real Rambo Action there was only the last 20 min! Very flat and unspectacular action!
Too bad for a hero who didn't deserve such a bad movie.
A rather weak Rambo, good that's now over
You just notice that the main actor is now an old man. This does not eliminate good cutting technique.
With one of the worst movies I've seen.
The worst part of all ! The story could have ended really well !
I can't understand the good reviews and the high-level praise. Not a worthy finish for me. At some point, you should know when it's over, or at least film a worthy finish. That you don't take the only true and familiar voice. Incomprehensible. Doesn't fit at all. To count the action on one hand. The film lasted about 1.4 hours, felt for 30 minutes. There should be a bit of depth. Emotional scenes like the death of a loved one fizzle out here. In the end, the film turns up properly, seal of approval justified from 18. But this was already the highest of feelings. Borrowing okay, don't buy.
I love the old Rambo movies. Brutal with action and suspense. Rambo Last Blood just doesn't fit. The plot reminds me too much of 96 Hours and Equalizer. Some Mexican drug boss kidnaps the wrong person and the pensioner wants to free the person. Such similar films are available in moderation. It's too family-like chatting and too good. Action is available in the last 10 minutes. It would have been if the person had been kidnapped in Iraq and he would be shooting away ISIS with fat weapons. I am very disappointed and I hope that no Rambo film will be made in the bad quality.
Clichéd and without surprises, below the level of the actors. I was expecting a nice, entertaining comedy, but in the second half I was just waiting for the end of the film. My mistake that I endured until the end - it was the hope that it would still deviate from the predictable line. No, that was nothing.
This was the worst film in a long time, actually all good actors but very badly played. I am annoyed that I spent EUR 11.99 on this.
I often choose movies by number and amount of reviews. Usually this fits together well. I was miles away from this film. The film wasn't funny or touched me. Very clichéd and the plot shallow - wouldn't be bad if I could at least have laughed. The beginning gives hope for a funny film - but soon it's just a sequence of scenes. Two stars for a few good actors and the good basic idea in itself. Oh yes - the film also costs more than other films (EUR 9.99). Are the reviews faked or is there anything wrong with me?
Film unfortunately does not get to the point, sometimes very long-winded, I promised me more
I promised myself more of the movie because of the preview. Are really great actors, I would recommend the movie but unfortunately not :(
The film is funny and fun to watch, I gladly paid for it. Borrowed him.
Entertaining, but not as good as expected.
A bit boring, I imagined better... A few funny passages but otherwise rather mau
Actually good actors, but the film doesn't get into the gears. Rather long-winded.
Half-hearted spectacle meets boring, set-up story. It's a pity there would have been a lot in the cast.
I didn't see the film because it doesn't have subtitles. I think that is a great pity. With old movies this is ok, not always possible, but with a new movie in our digitized world ? Where is the problem ? Hard of hearing people depend on DVD's, because in the cinema they can't understand anything. Very bad !
Boringly staged adaptation of a superfluous character in the Marvel universe. What is that supposed to be? God's representative? Why couldn't she blow Thanos on the turnip right away? Well, Marvel doesn't have it that way with logic. Completely predictable story, everything is not new and even the effects are not necessarily world leaders. Nice, the idea with the cat. For this, 2 stars
I think I'm too old for it. I haven't seen all the Marvel movies by a long way. But I thought I'd like this movie. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed. In my opinion, the film is not well told. And the story doesn't really get going. Definitely one of the worse movies in the franchise.
Squeezed quickly in between. Quickly told story, simplest twists. Quickly still produced to fit it into the endgame series. What a pity.
Ms. Infallibly bored. Marvel's Superman without kryptonite. A character without weaknesses and charm. Acting performance of the leading actress is embarrassing. The rest is typical of Marvel: predictable light if good entertainment.
Relatively boring superhero uniform porridge, which you notice very much that he was probably made to knock out an "explaining movie" to Captain Marvel before the endgame. Worse seen, but unfortunately also better - far better.
The meaning behind the plot of this film is mercilessly sacrificed to the succession of special effects. You don't really have to do it.
Probably one of the worst Marvel movies. Maybe I don't look at it anymore, but in the end I didn't know what it was all about.
Not all comedics have good story and true the bad idea of the series Avengers, so what to film, and Superman that we have been for a long time!
Unfortunately for me the worst Marvel movie. Senseless, incoherent, not exciting.
Great effects. But that was it. One of the weakest Marvel movies. Story is very predictable and unfortunately comes without the wit of the other Marvel movies. In my opinion, the film is not a film that you must have seen. Also not for later Marvel productions like Endgame.
I don't have to watch it again, although I like most Marvel movies.
Well, not so my taste, there are better superhero movies from Marvel!
I didn't like it that much. Rather boring plot. The effects can't hide that either...
Absolutely boring. Nothing happens. Probably only interesting for HardCore Marvel fans.
You can forget about the movie, except for the special effects. They were sharp.
The weakest Marvel movie for a long time. Rate.
Unfortunately, the strip is not convincing. As one of the "most powerful" characters from the Marvel universe and the huge hype that was made, I would have thought the strip was rocking. The plot, which is actually entangled in principle, is nit bad, but unfortunately somehow comes in the way. The film seems somehow jammed. Even with most funny moments, you get the feeling that the director has instructed "please be funny now". Somehow weird. It kind of seems like you wanted to do it all by force. What a pity. Is for my taste one of the worse Marvel stripes & looks like from Phase I.
Probably the Marvel movie of the last time, which I liked least. Somehow every second set had to be a gag, a lot of computer animation, all are super taff... Well, whoever likes it, I certainly don't.
Unfortunately, this film was a bitter disappointment. I was looking forward to a 2nd film with a female superhero after Wonderwoman. Unfortunately, the script is just bad. The film simply contains action without meaning and mind and with so little story that nothing helps. I'd rather look at Wonderwoman again. I found Jude Law, whom I otherwise quite like a misfit.
Disappointing; I was expecting more from the launch of a new "hero figure".
As a big fan of Marvel studios I ordered this movie, but unfortunately it didn't meet my expectations. Unfortunately only boring..
Long-breathed story and sometimes very bad cast. The plot is largely as predictable as it becomes bland. How one comes up with the idea to mention this middle-class film with True Grit in one sentence is incomprehensible. Without Bale, the film would be technically well-executed scrap.
long-winded and illogical... With Christian Bale as the main actor and the landscape shots, at least 2 stars are enough... Too bad, I had hoped for more.
The film lasts over 2 hours and if it lasts 45 mInuten less, it would surely be good. So you have massively long-breathed scenes and you almost fall asleep. I also did not understand the meaning of the whole action through resettlement, because in the end almost no one survives. That could have been saved.
Ultra boring overplayed drama that gets nothing new. No idea why this film has such a good rating, but today everything is possible.
Too often it pulls like a chewing gum. Rarely so often the pre-coil button is pressed.
So this is a Western of the most boring kind, don't know why he's 16.
Lengthy. The best scenes are summarized in the preview. The end is beautiful. The basic message is great and so are the pictures....
Action and dialogue are very mau.
Without Christian Bale, the film would have received only one star from me. A very simple action, eerily lengthened. The dialogues are more than just trying to appear profound. You should save the money for the film. After all, there are some beautiful landscape shots.
The film was absolutely boring, long-winded. Unfortunately, he didn't grab me emotionally either. I fell asleep a few times. Actually like to watch profound movies and no cinema blockbuster garbage or superhero gondos. But even if he had a message, it could have made it a lot more interesting. The goodwill alone is simply not enough. It's not all great just because it praises the press.
For me, the film was bad entertainment. From the beginning, I saw the film as a problem. Basically, this movie is the opposite of a superhero being persecuted and abused. The film showed how it could be in the world. Since I found the film rather oppressive, I give 2 stars.
The script is highly short-sighted and gives away almost every opportunity. The "people with forces" in this film behave invariably like ordinary people who only seem to think in prepared moments that they possess powers. Good actors are sufficiently available, but not well used.
I was promised a lot more of the film. Everything has been there before, the film is neither surprising nor very humorous and the action is not particularly special. Can you give yourself....
Nice try. The focus is on the topic that we exclude "the normal and thus evil" the others (mutants). Reminiscent of student audiobook project more than a professional film.
Sorry, what's that supposed to be? A complete senseless film that is not exciting, which is filled with third-class actors and has an end, which is no end. Money thrown out
The story is good, but poorly executed. There is no tension, the spectator quickly falls into boredom. If one hopes to experience a tense film evening with this, will be disappointed.
Did i borrow film only, no tension, action shallow. Like the actors. I certainly don't watch the film a second time
The title promises a lot, but you wait in vain.
Lauer infusion of already acquaintances. Pale performer,average script.Barely suspense.
It wasn't anything like that you don't have to look at just when you're desperate
I've rarely seen such a boring movie. 1-2 special effects and 2 stars
Well, not so great. Flat story and an implementation that doesn't really want to convince.
Movies no one needs
Not very credible, good specials
Simple Story... with an unlikely end, maybe the screenwriter should have been paid better.....
Very predictable, seen and forgotten!!
Tired story, poor acting performance
Expected more from content
More could have been made of it
Just a constant bang and brawl in a meager plot. I didn't like it at all.
Again, I wouldn't look at him.
I didn't get really smart from the movie. If this had been Tarantino's first film, it might have been forgotten. The balance of unnecessary violence and puberty comedy that characterizes his other films is not right here. The spell no longer works.
This time he doesn't have a good story at the start, the good actors don't help anymore. The dialogues are really lame, there is a lack of tension and drama, everything is far too long. That's why it's a torment to get through this movie. It is boring and uninteresting.
The performance of the actors was very good. But even with this performance you can't make a boring story exciting or even entertaining. All the time you wait for something exciting to finally happen and you just get disappointed. For a play in which you don't have as many possibilities, you are limited to a small space and it depends above all on the acting performance, the story would be sufficient. But not for a movie that goes 3h.
One actually hopes all the time that something drastically goes forward with the chapters
Despite high-ranking performers, it's boring to die. I don't know what's wrong with the film, script, dramaturgy. The film is Wunst and annoying. No scene is somehow (but) funny or shocking. It all seems strange. And why is there suddenly a narrator halfway through the film!?
Almost 3 hours chatting in a hut... It was clearly not my case. But tastes are notoriously different... Which is also good.
I switched off after 40 min. Just gelaber and nothing happens at all. No shooting as you know it from Western... only stupid sayings
Quite nice, quite exciting, but pointlessly brutal. It's just scrap.
Too bad or a shame, well, tarantino would have been expected more than eternal laughter in a hut...
I am disappointed with the film, no comparison to its earlier works!
This film is one of Quentin Tarantino's worse films. I'm glad I wasn't in the cinema after all.
I'm actually a real Tarantino fan, but I was more than disappointed by this movie. So far I liked the well-sophisticated dialogues and the visual language of the films, but this film, limited to only a few (quasi one) plot location, was unfortunately just long-winded from my point of view.
Very long-winded, miserable action, you can't think for a minute with this "Western", otherwise you switch off immediately. I would have expected a lot more. Only partially worth seeing for all those who like to see blood squirt and place little value on the action.
Every now and then the classic Tarantino comes through, but for the most part the film was unfortunately long-winded, I had several times thoughtfully to turn off.
An absolutely unusual film for Tarrantino. I am an absolute fan of his films and have seen everyone so far, with this one I had problems keeping my eyes open. It's an unpredictable story to experience here, but there are simply no such exciting, surprising moments we have in his other classics. What a pity.
There is a star for the film. He's really nasty. Even the well-known actors could not save the very manageable story. I forgive the second star because I really like the movies of Tarrantino.
I'm honest, I found the film boring and far too long. I had hoped for more, but everyone has to assess that for themselves.
I found the film doof that can but everyone can judge only for themselves otherwise nen fan but here everything is too cheap for me and set up in terms of acting performance
Film cannot follow the class of previous Tarantino films. Acts amateurishly and unnecessarily brutal - which the missing action cannot cover.
Long-breathed and relatively boring story. The worst Tarantino movie I've ever seen. Of course, the demands of a Tarantino movie are also high.
Am a big fan of Quentin Tarantino. But I personally found this movie snort boring. Nonstop blabla in a hut. Admittedly, here and there sometimes 'n nice gag, but overall unfortunately disappointing...
Typical bloody brutal scenes but otherwise just a boring scrap movie, was about to be eliminated in the middle. Worst Quentin Terrentino Movie
Had I been looking forward to the film, but I was disappointed. There may be people who can do a little more with this film, but tastes are different. For me, the most boring Tarantino film ever and then also in excess length. The steelbook is soberly kept simple.
I honestly promised myself more of the film of such a renowned director. I didn't like the fact that too many leading actors act like on a stage and show themselves in brutal, unconvincing scenes. If you don't have high appeals to such a film, you should still buy it.
For us the worst Tarantino movie. It's an art to let a film play only in one place, but it's sometimes (especially at the beginning) too long-winded. What a pity!
Boring, long-winded, inconsequential! A lot of splatter meets contentless dialogues. You wait 3 hours for it to get better.... and will be disappointed! Verdict: wasted life, unworthy of a Tarantino. The only bright spot: Samuel L. Jackson. Just for that reason 2 stars.
What kind of excess of violence without a big story is that please? It seems to me as if too much absinthe has been used when writing/turning.
It was a pity that was nothing. There are really good westerns that show how it works to pull out a movie really well. The Hateful 8 surprises zero and is just boring......
First half good, after that it goes downhill. This is by far Mr Tarantino's weakest film. I prefer to watch Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill or Django Unchained.
I like Tarantino and most of its filem. But that's just weak. Hardly any action. Splatter only. An aha (who did what why) in the end didn't make it any better.
Finely constructed differentiated characters, surprising twists with sometimes abstruse coincidences - all the strengths often loved by Tarantino are covered in this film by the increasing excesses of violence towards the end.
Slightly long-winded. Tarantino has already delivered a lot of better movies. The two stars are available for 3-4 cool scenes/sayings. I'm glad I only paid 99 cents. If you like good Western or Tarantino movies, you'd better watch something else.
It's not enough to gather a few sounding names, then let them swear stupid stuff and ball around. Disappointing. Why these well-known actors give themselves up for such a thing is obscure to me.
Boring, no tension, predictable, far too long, unimaginative... Don't get to the big Westerns, but it really has nothing original!
Somehow very sluggish, but also absolute Tarantino style... but you don't have to look at it... some chapters could have been omitted...
I got the film with quite high expectations. I didn't even watch it to the end because I found it so boring. He drags himself eternally without the big something happening, clearly there are also good places, but in everything not my case
I like Tarantino movies but this one is really boring. I often fell asleep and kept spooling back. In the end, he develops into a splatter candidate, totally superfluous and doesn't make the film any better. Two stars for the tadlless cinematic work and the good acting.
I'm actually a Tarantino fan of the first hour, but this is not my movie. I don't like any of the people in this film, and the usual talk that is otherwise part of the pleasure is just empty and boring chatter. Strangely, it's actually everything that makes a Tarantino movie, and yet it remains weak.
I'm a Tarantino fan, but I don't know what rode him there. Drops for my taste significantly compared to Django Unchained, and that for 3 hours. I think most will be disappointed!!
Unfortunately, all songs are not available in German. Only the dialogues outside the songs are in German. This is unfortunately not recognizable before and was different in the cinema. We are therefore very disappointed. The film is good.
The film is unfortunately not mine although I like many of the actors. The Cgi is frighteningly bad and the "cats" are creepy.
A mis-purchase, even for some cat lovers.
Very nice cast but hard to follow story. Too much singing
One-dimensional film without any surprising twists. The idea isn't new anywhere. The staging of the side story (love story) seems loveless, according to the motto "just belong to it, so I build it". Overall, the actors lack credibility in their roles, but as actors they are not seen as the people they are supposed to portray, B-Garde.
The first film with a waste of time from Universal. The film just drags on, goes too slowly and there's too much laughter. The animations at the beginning are more than insufficient.
Good idea, but unfortunately it is lacking in implementation. It is moving further and further away from the actual issue. Too bad, was sometimes boring although the subject gives a lot...
Too bad for lost time. Wasn't even worth the 99 cents! Two stars just because Amazon made this 99 cent promotion!!!
Basically, the film started quite well. Unfortunately, however, it was about From the half always worse and became very long-winded. Unfortunately very disappointing!
You expect a good hacker story and get 50% bangs, 30% silence and just some action. is so much better...
The headline says it all. The film isn't bad enough not to end it, but it almost would be.
I wasn't convinced by the film. It was illogical and ill-conceived in many respects. I would not recommend it any further.
The clumsy representation of the IT world is accustomed to. But the fact that pre-punished and foreign IT specialists mutate into FBI investigators within a few minutes is plentiful underground. So film aborted and made in search of something better.
I liked it very much at first, but at some point i really let down! And where can the main actor do all this from? Familiar with firearms, melee combat, first aid, etc. etc!
Overall interesting topic, but much predictable and no surprise moments. I had the feeling of the film just smouldering without any significant exciting scenes in front of me.
Pretty cheap and hey... Liam Hemsworth should no longer play hacking roles, but rather focus on his hammer... boring except for 3 good scenes that came along well thanks to the home cinema system...
Unfortunately, the film didn't hit my nerve for humor. I also found it particularly profound. Can you take a look if you have too much time / boredom.
To make it short. It seemed as if the playlist with song re-enforced had been fixed at first when the film was conceived. The story was just an accessory - a pity! We were also extremely disturbed by the synchronised voice of the koala.
Unlike other animated films boring and also not particularly funny and very predictable. The animation is quite OK. Too bad.
The film is mostly boring. Only the conclusion is ok. Vllt also 2 1/2 stars more but really not !
I was excited because of the praise. Unfortunately, a very disappointing story. The story and the highly praised new dream couple of Hollywood didn't pick me up emotionally. The story is shallow, with no highlights. Also the music and dance scenes, boring.
With this film I didn't get "warm". Somehow flat and I lacked tension. After an hour of running I had to audition because I slowly got the crisis from the film. Music quite good, but not outstanding.
We didn't like the film so much, why excellent, who knows why. Have seen better movies.
For me, the film is absolute scrap, but that is of course a matter of opinion.
Contrary to the advertisement, it is a retracting story. Hardly real dance scenes, the melodies hardly 'ear-like' and overall boring.
Although I have a fondness for musicals, I didn't like this film, I even fell asleep for a short time, which doesn't happen to me with good movies. Don't have to see him again.
I can only agree with why this film was hyped. He's average. There was no dance scene where I was really excited.
And there were some films where you were thrilled, such as the Artist
If you can have a look, it will be enough for the next 3 years. Why the film got so many Oscars is incomprehensible to me... Good acting performance, sometimes actors who can't sing perfectly, but the film isn't absolutely outstanding.
Don't understand what's special about this film. I like the two main actors. You are never carried away by the action, the dialogue is flat, really flat, you hardly see anything of LA... Verdict: Disappointing.
Wasn't as outstanding as I thought ...... Was just lala. The title fits this movie. But good who likes it.
Praised more than he deserves, but not so bad either. Can you look... there are better musical movies that deserve more
It's not that I don't like dance or music movies. I love them and have seen them in all sorts of variations. That was the worst of all. The songs were boring, the storyline was for yawning. Despite the great cast, this film is simply not my taste.
Unfortunately, I couldn't do anything with the film. The plot floundered, rather boringly. I didn't like him!
I was expecting a musical that deserved the many Oscars. Unfortunately, I've seen much better movies like this. I was very disappointed. I all like the actors, but you could have turned the whole thing a little more exciting. What a pity.
Somehow I was a bit disappointed after such good reviews. It was a bit boring for me. Although I liked the two main actors very well and I liked the story somehow banal...
My sister and I didn't like the film now. Are more likely to fall asleep. Too bad, we had hoped for more
I like musicals, but this film wasn't for me, I think it's overrated. Thin voices and a shallow story without depth, only visually the film is pretty to watch.
I am a huge fan of musical films and musicals in general and therefore had a high expectation of La La Land, especially because of the many Oscars etc. and was totally disappointed. I find this film terribly boring, it pulls and the music is not as contagious as it is in Greatest Showman, for example.
After the film got so many Oscars, I had very high expectations. Unfortunately, they were largely disappointed. The love affair of the protagonists is depicted very superficially, the actions completely predictable and the musical interludes are quite nice, but the songs do not remain in the mind. In addition, it becomes sometimes so absurd with some dance performances in heaven that at some point I only longed for the end of the film...
I was looking forward to a romantic love movie. LaLa Land, however, does not keep what is promised. The story story is predictable and boringly staged.
I'm really annoyed to have bought this movie. I was so bored that I actually fell asleep and I don't even want to look at him again to see what was missed. There are 2 stars only because I liked Emma Stone.
I am so disappointed! Had introduced me to a modern version of the old dance movies with Fred Astaire or Gene Kelly. Dance-like, what the two newcomers showed there was just too ridiculous, I don't want to talk about singing and acting performance. Based on what criteria has this film been awarded with so many prizes?
Well, not my thing at all, at first I thought I was "in the wrong movie", after half an hour of confusion I pressed "off".
So the film is something for dreamers and people who like to ask themselves "what if". In my opinion, the film was too narrow and dreamy.
Too bad, could have been a good happy ending story. The story is rather implausible. The music and dance inserts compensate a little.
My wife really wanted to watch this film. After the first half hour we broke off because it is not our style at all. Who ever stands on something like this, look at it. Otherwise fingers off.
I bought the film only because of the many Oscars. It's a rather boring dance music love story. It took power to watch the film to the end.
Somehow, more was expected. The previous parts were full of action and comedy... at this one you wait and wait and wait and wait.... Not a successful conclusion to the Pirates of the Carribean series.
One of the worst curses of the Caribbean movies. In my opinion, this and the previous part could have been saved. Lame story meets forced acting/music - greats. This part is not worth looking at. Two stars, due to ingenious implementation of the images and creativity.
Anyone who is a fan of the other films in the series will be rather disappointed.
Unfortunately, another decay of such a beautifully started multi-parter.Johnny Depp no longer has to his acting performance. as found in the first part 1.
Why was the voice actor changed? The voice is just bad.
Unfortunately, the movie is only an update of the predecessors, a pity. I wouldn't borrow this film anymore, which is actually a pity.
Super bad movie, bad dialogues, terrible actors, even the music wasn't good. For me, it's a waste of time. 2 stars for the first film. That was the best part.
Unfortunately, a long-acting sequel, with a much repetitive and begging plot. The story has long since been told. A prequel would be something new!
Charm of the old parts is missing. Hackelige history and not mature. Otherwise eye-washing. One of the few movies I fell asleep on.
Hangs the other parts far behind good effects but the story is rather lax I would have been in the cinema I would have regretted it
A slap in the face of the first film. Too bad there would have been more inside....... An extremely weak plot, special effects alone are simply not enough to save a weak script.
Very mau the film... Story is not thought through and confused. But to look at without expectations, he's really ok.
There is a total lack of esprit. Just a slap in the face of the previous parts. Depp, as in real life, is only drunk in the movie.
As a fan of the movies you can watch him already, but otherwise not. You shouldn't expect too much - unfortunately!
It's getting worse and worse. Story brain-cracked to pointlessly written together. Good pictures - So without sound you can look at this.
The filmmakers spend millions of dollars on effects and actors, and the screenwriter is 14 and is paid in chewing gum currency. Such a bad story is really shameful, no timing, no surprise effects, predictable... 2 stars because the film has good effects, but quite honestly: with money you can always realize something like this....
After the nasty fourth part I thought it couldn't get any worse,but as it is, I was taught a better one. The film has nothing more of the charm that the first two parts had. It's just a repetition of what's known. I got bored.
We expected more of it. Effects are without question top! But the whole story isn't particularly rapt. The previous parts were more captivating
Unfortunately, it was foreseeable that this sequel would also be worse than its predecessors. The Depp doesn't get it out anymore.
Is definitely the worst part of the, you think, series. Given the "quality" of this part, one can only hope that Disney has pity for the audience and for another (6th?) part waived. It certainly doesn't get any better.
Personally, I think POTC is pretty mountainous. In contrast to the first parts, most of the scenes now consist of a peculiar sense of humour that already leads to ridicule.
Somehow has nothing to do with the original FDK anymore. Feels like all the characters have been replaced by aliens who pretend to be Jack and Co.
The story would have had a lot of potential, but the actors remain far below their potential, probably because the rather clumsy dialogues and the pieced-together story haven't left you much room for manoeuvre. Everything seems superficial and only supported by action scenes. Unfortunately, no further emphasis was placed on the elaboration of history. There is not much left of the charm and wit of the other parts, really uncanny pity.
was really nothing. If I identified him half an hour before the end, I wasn't interested any more. totally lame ..
They should have just stopped after the third part. But well, the money lust was bigger again. Too bad, but more than two stars are not in it.
Unfortunately no longer comparable to the first or second film. Loveless and rather kitschy. Good actors who play loveless.
Well. You can look at the strip. If only there wasn't this new voice from Jack, it's totally annoying!! Please check the content of the first three films and synchronize part 4 and 5!
In my opinion, the worst part. Unfortunately, he doesn't get to the previous parts in tension and wit. Disappointing
Pretty uninspired story, without charm and mind. Mainly action, Kalauer, pirates and undead in a belibiger combination, as created with the script random generator.
What can I say, Personally, I don't get warm with Antman. I think the problem is this, all these superheroes just need a good opponent, if that's not true, it doesn't work. Antman has a problem so far. For me, this makes the series one of the weaker Marvel productions.
The film is very confusing and only really comprehensible if you have not seen all the others, including the Avengers movies. I wouldn't recommend it because it doesn't contribute to the story. Flat.
By far the worst Marvel movie. Story is flat as a board and boring. Nevertheless 2 stars because the production value is good. But that's also the only thing that saves the film from insignificance. I found the first part only OK but this one does not make it to the near of its predecessor.
I found the first part much better. Here it is only a family movie from 6 for the afternoon program. Only the end as a cliffhanger is great made.
Sometimes one of the worst movies from the MCU. The story is totally banal and the "bad guy" intangible. You can do better Marvel but this one was nothing.
Unfortunately, the weakest film in the Marvel series I've seen so far. Colourless, boring, thin story. Bored actors.
Unfortunately, once again one of these Marvel-filled movies that fail to build a self-contained, exciting storyline.
The worst of the Bourne movies - less slap would be more and please a little more action than chasing, hunting, hunting, bum, bum, hunting, hau on it... Even Matt Damon can't make up for that. Very bad. Basically, really wasted time. I needed something "around my ears," but there's better...
Once again, everyone is chasing Jason Bourne for the well-known reasons. However, nothing new is emerging. Actually, the film only shows a rather pointless chase. A small side story is about data protection on social media, but even that isn't really illuminated. Unfortunately, the story is not well thought out, unfortunately nothing to cheer about.
I liked the original Bourne movies. They excelled through clever dialogue, reasonably credible plot and complex story. None of this is left of this film. A single series of completely unbridled action scenes, put together by black and white characters. There is one star for at least giving up an unnecessary romance.
Without Matt Damon, the film would be like a stinking fart: for the duration extremely bad but thank God quickly forgotten. Definitely the weakest of all Bourne parts. Exhausted story, unrealistic actions and moderately good fight scenes.
Basically a good idea but in some places very unrealistic, incomprehensible and pointless. It's a pity that the series is actually quite good.
No comparison to the predecessors. Only chase and almost no action..... It's a real shame. Bad ending(?) of a good film series... Even the part without Matt Damon was better
If you know the predecessors, you are a little disappointed. The action scenes have rather been rather meagre. The whole movie looks a bit mau!
can't go back to the old Jason Bourne in the slightest. Also the acting performance in my opinion not very good. Better not to borrow or buy.
Nothing really new. Agent-rumble. Usual design. Since nothing new, hardly anything differs, again a girlfriend dies, again he comes to the head office all the way to the top, there is actually an attempt to turn him around and recruit again.... hopefully we will be spared from more Bournes. The trilogy was ready.
I don't know what I was expecting, because there couldn't have been anything new. Matt Damon is back as Bourne (Jeremy Renner was also good), the story/action was quite thin and also quickly told. By and large, the stories in the sequels are told faster and more frantically and also more pointlessly.
In my opinion, the worst Bourne of all, because 120 minutes of pointless banant rumbling around insane and unrealistic chase jad—custom you don't look at
If a movie works once or twice, you should always stop thereafter. Unless the story is not over and it is absolutely necessary to film death! Boah this movie is boring.
The whole film is harassed, chased, chased, pursued and compared to the other parts without any connection. Absolutely disappointed!
well, Bourne fills a few gaps in our knowledge. But does that take him further? Too many scenes in which he is clueless/thoughtful/pain-distorted? three." Rather weak implementation. That probably comes out of it when you produce yourself.
Compared to the first three parts really lame, unfortunately. Far too little action. You don't really need this sequel.
No strengths or special features that would highlight this part. Thumbs down, only for acting performance of the minor actors there are points.
Somehow like any other JB movie as well. I thought it was better. In the new film, the plot from the first parts is more recognizable. But the subject is really overused.
Nothing new, if you have seen the previous movies of the series, you can save this movie. Really unimaginative, a pity.
Feeling half of the film consisted only of nonsensical banging and chases. I'm used to the Bourne series.
Unfortunately no longer share the action as with the old ones. You can see that the actor has grown old. Story weak
The camel tour is a disaster. Wild whimsy and zooming in with the question of what the whole thing is supposed to do. There is not much left of the story with which the first Bourne film started. I can't recommend this Bourne part as well as the one before.
Was clear, iwann it is exhausted and I still pay 4.99 on Amazon HD video for rent.... It wasn't really worth it. One should introduce rental fees according to qualitative content, then this film would not have come above 1.50 Eur.
Don't even get to the old consequences. Good a lot of technology, but that's no longer there as far as the old Bournes are concerned. In addition, of course, this one is designed so that you don't know if another movie is coming. What a pity.
Hopefully the last part of the Jason Bourne series is a pointless series of action scenes. Hardly a connection to the actual story of Jason Bourne. The first two parts of the series remain unmatched.
A film whose plot fits on a beer lid. Only action and that with terribly shaky pictures so that you become seasick. Definitely not recommended.
I was full of expectation in this film. The disappointment was great for everyone. Poor cinematography, bad story and even worse chases. Even as a Matt Damon fan, I can't recommend this movie any further
Certainly not a very good Karl May film adaptation. There is something missing from the charm of the Winnetou parts. However, the film has a very good cast, especially Heinz Ehrhardt in a double role.
So the DVD is not that good now, on a 16:9 Toshiba LCD TV the image wobbles partially in itself, which testifies to a pretty bad mastering. Obviously it has to do with the half-pictures. The sound hisses at all corners and ends and the music seems horrible, although it is not bad. I'm not used to that from Koch Media. Although the film is unabridged, I can only give two stars here.
But the end was even for me, as a science fiction fan a totally absurd idea, very abstruse! That's why the film was disappointing for me.
Have more expected with such actors. At some point it gets turned off and you just don't want to look any further. What a pity!
Starts quite pleasingly, but then drifts in a very fantastic direction and tops itself at the end, you have to love the space travel very much to find it well
Boah, that's just for science fiction fans. Without wiki, I wouldn't have been able to follow the film so easily. Or you have to look at it several times.
Lanweilige and for a long time nothing telling epic with a strange ending. I didn't like it. Whoever likes them will like him, but the story is told too slowly. It doesn't take 3 hours to do it.
For people interested in science, the film is simply a joke. But if you just want to experience an exciting story with great visual effects, you will like the film. A comparison with Kubrick's films is an overblown one. Interstellar shows the impossible too obviously.... A nice mortar .. nothing more.
Wouldn't look at him again. Was quite disappointed and the tension was limited. Not my thing.
I didn't like the film. Too long-winded for my taste and the story implausible. I have nothing more to say about this.
I really liked the FIlm until the end. But the end drags the whole film so much into the dirt that I wish I hadn't seen it. Two stars, because occasionally well tension is built up.
Found him quite long-winded and a bit confused. The actors are good, but still the story was not my case at all!
For someone with a technical background, everything is too simple and unrealistic. But McConaughey is, as always, very good. Otherwise not recommended.
Image settings, colors, theme, there is a permanent negative doomsday mood, not exactly building up, has spoiled us a whole evening. Nothing for children whose future is ultimately at stake...
In the interview, the director promises "reality fidelity" and that such a future would be really conceivable, he has studied extra relativity theory in order to make the film plausible. But the film is full of inconsistencies. The future scenario is also completely absurd.
Had very high expectations because of the good reviews. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed by the film. He was too long-winded with hissing-time very short tension. Not recommended for me. My girlfriend saw it that way.
Unfortunately, the dialogues (actually the most important of the film) are not to be understood by the very annoying superimposed film music! 
I love good science fiction movies ! Interstellar is not one of them. Long-winded with bad story and boring ! Wouldn't pay any money for this movie .no wonder the movie flopped at the box office!
Long-winded film at the mental level of a jump-and-run game. Very powerful, but neither in terms of content nor acting, e.g. comparable with Apollo 13.
The action begins in space and then the accident happens. Sandra Bullock plays a very poorly trained science astronaut who is completely overwhelmed with the situation. The film was far too short. The pictures are of course very good, but that's all.
Bad and unrealistic. Worst, bad, worst. Gravity. One of the most unrealistic and therefore boring films I've ever seen. Luckily thanks to Prime no money, only time stupid.
The actors can't do anything about it in principle but the story is weak and one should expect that the one who writes such a thing is at least partially concerned with the topic of how one survives in space, how technology works, how forces work or do not work... Disappointing.
I haven't seen anything like this in a long time. Will try to exchange the movie somehow with someone. There are certainly people who like something like that. The plot takes place practically exclusively in open space in space suits. For me, it always created a sense of tightness. Uncomfortable.
As a short film, he might well have made it into a masterpiece. So it seemed to me that you had to compulsively fill the time. Again and again similar problems and Sandra Bullock moans. The first 15 minutes are still quite interesting, then you can safely switch off.
So, I expected a lot more. Clooney great, Bullock bad. Overall, the story doesn't seem credible and the ending is grotesque.
Very barren Storry, and somehow predictable!!! Top cast but little made of it, a pity. Maybe a good film for some space fans, but everyone has to form an opinion for themselves.
For my part, I imagined the film better. (Let the advertisement get tempted again...) I don't think the idea of the fillm itself is bad, but the plot is small and the film is very lengthy.
So the two stars are only available for the 3D effects - from realism very far away (with a fire extinguisher the Sandra flies from one space station to the next) already borders on one. ... on the spectator - This film is a waste of time
I really like the two main actors. But somehow I can't win this movie. Two people haphazardly in space all alone with comic hallucinations, somehow I probably didn't understand this film but it doesn't excite me to watch again. Great actors though for me don't roll in the best
I'm relatively disensify. Great recordings and tricks. For me, however, far from any reality. Acting quite mau and boring. Noble kitsch in space, at least That's how I felt. I should have saved the money...
Only very short appearance by George Cloony.End too short and not really real.Also fortunately not seen in the cinema
What was so exciting, dramatic or touching about this film that it was so highly praised? In my opinion, the desperation of the two astronauts never really came through. And the end!?!? Is there a second part now, where Sandra Bullock meets Robinson Crusoe? Sorry, for me it was wasted time.
Absolutely boring and predictable plot, just because of the good space shots and effects 2 stars. Please just look at who wants to have the space feeling
A film with really good actors... But the story is just boring... Don't know what the hype around this movie should be...
I promised me more of this film, especially since these leading actors or Sandra Bullock was almost a solo entertainer. So for me, the thumb sits down
Action and content more than meagre . I have never seen a movie with only 2 actors, even if Sandra Bullock is acting well, it is a little too little and ultimately extremely implausible.
Mysterious why such a dilettante film was produced in 2013. Bullock and Clooney can't save the movie as actors. In particular, the technical and physical "errors" show that the director has used little input from experts. Could one make much better..
A fundamentally good story was poorly implemented. If it weren't for the well-done effects (gravitylessness) then there would have been no stars. In many places, the implementation appears long-winded and lame. It was only with difficulty that we spared ourselves the fast lead-up. If you don't see this movie, you don't miss anything. What a pity.
I was very disappointed with the film. The plot is unrealistic and hair-spreading. It is also very long-winded. The plot could be easily told on 30 min.
Find the movie at best on average.... I don't understand the hype at all. Especially the character that Sandra Bullock impersonates is so incompetent and annoying that from half of the film she would be allowed to return to Earth.
Despite very good actors and impressive effects - totally boring. It is good that we did not spend the money on cinema.
After 15 minutes, the tension is around. The rest of the film drags on and is absolutely predictable. Too bad, with the actors my expectations were higher...
I really expected a lot from the film. After all, he got seven Oscars. But the movie is just boring. No really travelling story, funny ending and also quite sleepy.
The film started well and also realistic but became more and more unreal... Utopian... Cheesy. I was very disappointed. I would have expected more from Clooney.
An unrealistic and boring film. Only the space shots and the view of the Earth are beautiful. Overall, not a film worth seeing.
If you want to see Sandra Bullock spinning through space for 90 minutes, you've got it right. Otherwise: hardly any dialogue, no story, no convincing characters and quite unrealistic.
Not my ding at all. Although great presentation and great pictures.But is just a matter of taste. Still have fun watching. Greetings
Drama without a deep background in my opinion flat and nonsensical, I do not understand what the film deserved 7 Oscars.
Somehow there is no tension! From time to time it gets boring. Graphics is ok. Sound rather bad. A typical Oscar movie. No idea why this film got an Oscar in the first place???
Even with a great deal of understanding for US heroes, too much impossible is presented here in terms of the possibilities of the human body. 1x see and forget.
Had expected a lot more in the occupation. Much more. Sandra just got me excited. Otherwise some beautiful pictures of Mother Earth.
Clooney flies through space all the time. Acts like on drug, Bullock plays the clever but awkward scientist, who isn't really given the slightest chance of surviving all this. The pictures are very nice...
Sandra Bullock has once again proved that she is not a good actress. This is supported by sometimes weak-minded dialogues and a sluggish, dragging event. The only good thing about this film is image and effects.
Great computer work. Totally boring and sometimes just silly!!! So we could have made the film after 20 minutes
Boredom arises after just 10-20 min, similar stories can be found in every third-class disaster film and logic often falls by the wayside.
The story is very shallow. In principle, it is only interesting for great pictures from space, otherwise the rest is actually just an accessory so that not only beautiful images of the universe are shown.
Unfortunately, the film is boring and without real tension.no purchase recommendation. Really a pity because I really like the movies of Sandra bullock
The First Purge . I was very disappointed The First Purge is the fourth part of the horror film series The Purge, which tells as a prequel how the day was created. Unfortunately worst part of the series.
You can look, but you don't have to. Overall, it drops sharply compared to the first films. The principle of the series usually only works in one direction for movies: downhill... So it is here.
But we should have brought more background to the matter. I am given too few details about how it came about ect. Immediately starting with the fate of any people and how they try to survive is somehow nothing new. So it's not worth it. If you have not seen the film, you will not miss anything important.
Definitely the most lame film in the series. History seems to have good beginnings first. But the appearance is deceptive. Poor script, mediocre representations and also quite weak from the shockers.
Too much commerce has been made from the movies. The old ones were better.
Give only two stars because the movie is a bit boring, would have promised me more the other movies are very good but that's more of a sleeping pill
In my opinion, it is not worth seeing a film.
The first two parts of the "Purge" series were still defensible, but Part 3, in my opinion, fails in its entirety. Weakly acted, badly synchronized, poorly cut, very predictable and the "voltage curve" was virtually non-existent. Verdict: Even more disappointing than my last relationship. 
Has an incredible number of logic and film errors. Doesn't want to spoil anything, but in the liberation scene just pay attention to the white gag.
The good dies somehow werenot at all and the pistol magazines were at least twice as big. Furthermore, the "bad guys", even though the "bad guys" are mercenaries, have not been able to meet.
Absolute nonsense - not the subject, that has been the case - but the course of action, reactions of people, etc. Why Russians are portrayed as the bad guys (multiple times) I also find clumsy.
I'm actually a fan of the film series... but the part was quite boring. Hope it comes in next time more tension.
Unfortunately, the film wasn't very entertaining. The trailer had made me hot at first, but couldn't live up to expectations. The actors and the plot weren't good enough for that. Thought it was a nerve-wracking chase through the city, but it only went from one boring place to another. Danger hardly arose. You couldn't put yourself in the actors.
The first two parts were just madness. In particular, the second part. There was still a shackle and a sit in front of the TV. With the 3rd part, there is simply zero voltage. and the end is just bad. Very bad successor I am disappointed because I was very much looking forward to it.
So the third film is nothing more, totally overplayed roles especially the bodyguard of the candidate. 1 and 2 episode much better, you don't need to see this one, a pity!
Compared to the other films in the Purge series, this one is definitely the worst film in the Purge series, so far!
The movie isn't bad, but I think it's just an "ordinary" action movie from the actual purge (which actually makes up the movie) you just don't see much enough, I'm very disappointed with this movie, but it's not bad for the normal action movie.
The script is a bit confusing and the cuts fast. Violence was scaled back, and the whole thing seems as if there are no new impulses to be elicit from history. For me, it's enough. There is no need for a fourth part. Unfortunately!
The idea behind The Purge is quite interesting, but it has been poorly implemented. It's all pretty illogical. and unnecessarily lengthened. Characters often disappear for no reason and then suddenly reappear at the right time. That's what the whole movie is all about.
The only really interesting thing is the good actors and the idea. In addition, I could hardly develop tension, the story was predictable, which deprived many of the planned emotional scenes of energy.
Initially made exciting, the end I honestly found super lame and also extremely cheap. Had I honestly promised more with such an announcement ...
Unfortunately, neither tension nor depth. The behavior of the characters, as well as the course of the whole story, quite implausible. One farmer's sacrifice could have been saved.
Since we had already seen the 2th part we thought, the first one is certainly just as good. But unfortunately far from it. The plot is very simple and very predictable. Too bad would have expected more. Now we are curious when the third part is to be seen if it comes to the second part?
The plot of the film is very questionable and apart from the utopian idea of a "cleansing night", which is partly justified, the plot is unautentic and difficult to understand. A mediocre idea poorly implemented.
Theme offers a lot, but the result is a flat plot... Unfortunately not recommended
Boring, predictable, protagonists poorly staged,the basic idea is good and its potential has not been exploited. I was very disappointed, especially because I was recommended the film!
Basically an exciting idea, but ultimately weakly implemented, one could have made more of it. The actors act too illogically
Boring cast, rather lame plot, hardly any tension - I had hoped for more from the idea. Too bad, again wasted 1.5 hours of life time.
The film is just past the B Movie. Yes, he tries to hold the mirror in front of the man. Zero claim predictable and not even exciting.
Headline says it all. The idea grandiose, the plot miserable. The course is already clear from the start of the film. Individual actions by actors are already stirring up enormously. Waste
Very tough film going on, in which you have to shake your head too often. Tension rarely arises, rather unintentional smirk.
Unfortunately rather mau in the plot, confused story, scary factor is also in low range, tendency to trash, for the quite boring evenings
The film is nothing special, rather averaged. There is not much logic, to switch off and amuse he may be quite okay.
Unsurprisingly, sometimes long-winded and even the acting performances were not really convincing. The second part, on the other hand, is highly recommended.
My friend and I expected a lot. The story was incredibly interesting. However, the film was boring and the story poorly executed. That's why only 2 stars!
Story a little too thin and predictable. You can see, but you don't have to. But the thriller elements are passably implemented, so at least entertaining entertainment...
A sophisticated idea with an undemanding implementation. What a mapped afternoon rather than a cinema evening. Maybe not even ethane Hawke's worst role.
I liked the idea of the film, but the implementation was relatively weak. The actually ethical fragdn are covered by the nehr or less good tension. On the last second, someone comes to the rescue. Film is i.O.
could hardly look. was far too creepy. and then suddenly again witless and stupid :( funny movie. Well, you can't see it before.
I can only follow the previous reviews here. I, too, expected more from this film. A lot more could have been done here. Despite interesting scenes, one quickly became bored, because the film lacks the certain something. So not worth borrowing.
Not as good as expected. The idea could have been much more made - more seriousness and more real tension. Something intentionally funny in some places, Matt Damon has clearly already played more convincingly and remains quite pale as a charkter - and not even very sympathetic.
Ancient history, whether on an island or on Mars, with the attempt to pop it up technically. Just a little suspense towards the end of the film, otherwise very boring.
Miserable cinematic implementation of a book that is good in itself. Stupid NASA show, product placement and plot gaps in favor of cheap effect-hating. Typical Hollywood Rotz. Sorry.
You can't expect movies like Interstellar, Moon or Gravity. 'The Martian' falls more into the category of "McGyver in space". Very flat and emotionless, unfortunately.
The film is long-winded and boring. Why the film is so praised is a Rätsel.Am end of the otherwise scientifically held film it becomes more than unrealistic, fantastic and bar of any logic. Rarely such crap is seen.
The film starts promisingly in the first few minutes and then subsides in the tension. For me personally, it was quite boring. But as I said, this is a matter of taste.
The film has many unrealistic approaches and is too long at min.30 minutes. In my opinion, Matt Damon is a misbeanossion here!
I'm a bit disappointed because I was very bored during the movie. He wasn't a total failure now, but I've put a lot forward, which is certainly not a good sign. If I had known that before, I would have saved myself the 5 euros.
My case was not the film. Short and painless. No tension in the film. Poor performance of the actors. The movie was too cool for me, i.e. a lot of little laughs that I didn't find funny. Well, it's a matter of taste.
Unfortunately, the acting skills of all the characters in this film are unconvincing and zero captivating. I just can't take that character off Matt Damon. There would have been a lot more in there.
We had imagined a little more excitement. Scenes partly a bit long-winded. On the whole, it's a bit ridiculous. You can run side by side without missing important scenes.
With the actor you expect an exciting well-made action movie. Unfortunately, you only get tough boredom. Looking at it is enough for life. You can also do without it.
The film has some interesting scenes, but that doesn't make a good movie out of it. Overall very long and thus only 2 stars.
Not a really good book adaptation. Visually quite good but content too little depth. Better to read the book and leave it at the head cinema.
Pathetic, boring and at the end unbearably unrealistic. Unfortunately, the film did not appeal to me. I can overlook unrealistic swearing when a film takes me emotionally, but that wasn't the case here.
If you have read the book, this film is really very bad. The book's joke doesn't come across in any way.
Pulp Fiction didn't just knock me off the chair. It's good entertainment, but it's not any more. I wouldn't call the film a cult. I wouldn't buy it anymore.
Billy Wilder once said: A film can do anything, just not get bored. But that's exactly what this unspeakable strip does for two and a half hours before it turns into a completely exaggerated, der'splatterorgy, completely unmotivated and probably only attached to it, to please even those fans of Tarantino who expect it in each of his films, and who would otherwise have come out of this unspeakable, endless swagger unsatisfied. Or was it the other way around?
The Steelbook is not the racer as unfortunately the movie. Didn't know the movie at the pre-order, so it became a steelbook since I collect the. Unfortunately no embossing but cool pressure. Normally I never comment on the content of the film here, but what Tarantino thought at the end, old butterfly. Except for the last half hour, it was quite entertaining. But fly out of the collection again. Once seen, suffices.
Tarrantino movies are always something special - but you really fall asleep in your face. It's a shame that such a large number of high-quality actors give themselves up for such a shot. Admittedly the optics are really great, but no one understands the whole story anymore. Who is still aware of the Charles Mansion story today? What a pity..... I was really looking forward to it.
The worst Tarantino ever. Unbelievably dreary storry, Di Caprio plays nen Unsympart. No one knows or understands why Pitt is his buddy. He still has the only two cool combat tenbut even a promising conversation between him and Bruce Dern is as boring as the rest of the film. No cool guys like in Reservoir Dogs, no exciting word battles like in Inglourious Basterts and no joke like in Django or Pulp Fiction. Incredibly boring film, the bit of action in the end does not compensate. Only for 50+yeary Hollywood fans!!!!
Apparently, Tarantino has forgotten to tell a story, including a build-up of tension. The first 100 minutes are a series of episodes, with admittedly good gags (kiffing McQueen, Bruce Lee - the softie..). Episode films have always been his thing, but there's hardly any pressure in the cauldron here. Actually very bad, because the actors are great and he brings the Spirit of 69 very well .. but it's just colorful pictures and a good soundtrack without a growing plot.
I'm a Tarantino fan, so this movie has been a must. What did Tarantino think....? The film thrives on the good cast, and unfortunately nothing else. Nice pictures and settings but nothing else. And DiCaprio and Pitt are also getting old.... you can see how quickly time passes!
I thought the plot was too long and the whole movie wasn't for me. I didn't know about the content before and I just let myself be surprised. I don't seem to have grasped the film's statement correctly or I'm not in it enough on the subject of Hollywood to understand the references shown. Except for a few very nice scenes, I found the film terribly boring and long-winded.
Unfortunately, the film does not come to previous Tarantino movies. Actors and optics are very good, but the story is boring. Unfortunately not the best Tarantino.
One of the most long-winded movies I've ever seen. Almost 3 hours of dialogues and car rides with 60s music and finally 10min Splatter. Since Mr. Tarentino does not have to fear criticism from the critics, even with such a scrap, the next film of him will probably be boring. One of the worst Tarantino movies. 2 stars for the acting performances, which are good despite the bad script.
This film is miserably long and boring, interesting lynotously, that there were probably many similarities to the Manson murder that were realized in the film. I'm glad I didn't spend the money on the cinema.
With this star cast and the director, I definitely hoped for more. Maybe I would have to watch the film again to get to know the story. Just under 3 hours for a question mark - from my point of view unfortunately a flop.
No, so real, no... Except for the last 15 minutes, the film had quite little entertaining scenes and, most of all, no notable great dialogues for which Mr. Tarantino is so well known. Wasn't really my movie... All hopes are now on his last.
Compared to all other movies, this one is simply boring. 3 scenes I found Mega but that's not enough. There was a lot of effort, the backdrops are the hammer, the actors are incredibly good but the story is just boring.
Very disappointed and the weakest film by Quentin.. Most of the time you see the actors driving around by car. Simply weakly twisted..
You have to know the background to the Manson murders and some other tarrantino films in order to understand the actual plot. In addition to a few captivating moments, I can't take anything away from the film. Too bad, I was very much looking forward to Tarrantino's interpretation. Only the end I find very well solved.
No idea what this film has collected so many Oscars for. The story is bleak, only the role of Brad Pitt is a little better filled. Overall, it is not worth the time it takes to look at this work.
The film doesn't actually have a plot at all. Super pictures and Pit and di Caprio play awesome. But the content could have been shrunk to 90 minutes. And then the film would be long-winded.
i don't have enough background information about what happened at that time. It is very difficult to see any sense/action. Extremely long-winded and for me none of the actors is oscar-suspicious.
Boring, overproduced with overpriced actors... So, I was disenfranchised by my favorite director :-( But definitely look for a verdict - tastes are different...
Disappointing, story of a descending actor and his friend. The story fits on a sheet of A5. Boring banter. The conclusion is Tarantino style, his money not worth.
You shouldn't listen to critics who praise this film so much. We found it boring and only looked at it to the end because we wanted to know if the facts were true. Didn't he.
For me, the worst Tarantino. I can't understand how Pitt got an Oscar for it. Both main actors seem completely unmotivated and bored.
What were we looking forward to the film and tormented us while watching. Unfortunately for us, the film was nothing. We had hoped for something different.
The actors save it to some extent. Overall, however, unfortunately far too little (in all respects) for a Tarantino.
In my view, the film has too little content. At first I was amazed at the film description. In the end I knew why there was no more .....
Late 60s is probably not my Hollywood time. I like the Tarantino predecessors much better. The drive is missing.
The actions of the main actors were unnecessarily protracted. The story was portrayed in the trailer in a very different way than in the film. A great performance from the actors, unfortunately to a lame story. Film didn't convince me and got boring from time to time.
A really boring film that drags on. Only in the end it is a little good. Lots of hype about nothing.
Maybe I'm too young for the film, but I thought it was the most boring movie I've ever seen.
After half of the film doubted the story. However, what story at all? If someone is still interested in the film, he or she should research the background and prepare for the film. This helps enormously to understand and endure the film.
Am a great Tarantino lover. But the film really almost made me fall asleep. 15 min action for so much blabla is just way too little! Worst Tarantino movie in my eyes.
The film makes no sense and entertaining what would be enough is unfortunately it is not either.
I'm actually a big Tarantino fan, but this movie was a waste of time.
Unfortunately, a boring, pulling movie.... Pictures run past one without any emotion
I expected more. The film drags on like this and as it becomes interesting it is already out. My opinion....... weak performance
If I watched the film because of the otherwise good actors, the loan fee was not worth, rarely seen such nonsense.
To be honest, I don't seem to have understood the film. It is very tough and lengthy for my taste. I couldn't follow the story and was happy when it was over.
Despite the great actors, the film could not captivate me! Too bad because i always find all of Q. Tarantino movies awesome. This one unfortunately not !
Goes quite contentless and most of the time just boring.
No suspense, unfortunately not what you know about Quentin Tarantino. What a pity
Yawningly, waiting for what happens. But not much happens. Was very disappointed
I didn't like it at all, boring and without a deeper meaning.
The film draws eerily long, I'm really disappointed.
Much more expected from the film.
I'm actually a big Tarantino fan. And now I also watched "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood". What a disappointment. For me, this film is the worst Tarantino. The film is unnecessarily lengthened. That could have ended after 90 minutes. The dialogues and monologues are as boring as from a bad Daily Soap in the evening program. But I don't give one, but two stars, because there are some beautiful pictures. Why this film was so celebrated is a big mystery to me.
I could never really share the absolute enthusiasm for Tarantino and his cult status, but not at all with this film. He never ignited with me. Two stars of grace, because it was good in film (and musical) but that's not enough.
A very boring film that unfortunately gives away its potential. Even if you like Tarantino's film style, this film is absolutely disappointing.
A very poor sound quality. You hardly understand the actors, because the background music has the same volume. It wasn't on the TV. The film is very chaotic. You don't understand what it's all about, even though it's a very exciting one.
A rather oblique film that just doesn't hit my taste. There are certainly people who like abstract cinema, my thing is the movie just isn't!
I found the film very boring and quite confused. You had to be very careful to follow the sense. Probably just what die-hard science fiction fans.
Personally, I didn't find the plot as complex as is always claimed. Maybe because of the hype the expectations were too high, the film itself is max. average.
Well - there is nothing more to say about this. A confusing story, an unbelievable script, some nice action scenes, but no message at all. I watched the film bored to the end, and I'm not going to put the disc on again.
Overlong, megalomaniacal nonsense with nice show values at the time, but one quickly looked over. Hence the two points of grace for a film that I had promised myself a lot about and which turned out to be a terrible snorer in the cinema. Leonardo is as exciting here as the collection glasses of the same name from the eighties.
The film is quite OK, I've seen worse with Leonardo. The soundtrack is not to be used whether via the TV or system. Very loud background, there even the speech sequences go under.
I got this movie because of the good rating on amazon and was disappointed. I found that throughout the film, they had lost track of the plot. At one point, the main actors were even in the dream of a dream! I think that's completely psycho. A science fiction film should also be a bit realistic!
Boring from the first to the last minute. The film and none of the actors aroused even a single emotion. Michael Caine in his worst supporting role. Ellen Page was a misfit. I wanted to leave the hall x times during the performance, but always in the hope "1 2 3 Freddy come please" I waited until the end of the performance.
The first part of the film is halfway to use. Classic entertainment cinema with logic on thrift flame. In the end, however, excitement followed. Super predictable, crass logic and, above all, indescribable hatred of the utterly stupid heroes. If they had just been eaten, you could save yourself the theater. At least they deserved it, after, among other things, letting go of a T-Rex on the human ice. Also cool that the 20 released animals suddenly populate the whole world. An absolutely epic-wise speech at the end must not be missing, wonderful! If I took the pleasure of the movie with this minispoiler, I am glad to have saved you from this film.
Had recently lent me the first part and found it really quite good. Was also nice to see something of the "Dinos" after all these years. The second part, however, was really disappointing. You could really have made more out of the initial story. As already mentioned in the title, a pity ...
Well I fan him honestly boring had expected more at that time to be lucky I was therefore not in the cinema that would have been thrown out money so as a loan movie it is oke but no must necessarily say.
I've always been a huge fan of "Jurassic Park," but this part really lost all character from the first movies. The predecessor "Jurassic World" was much better against this one. This film, on the other hand, seems like a small, forced sequel.
I'm really disappointed with this film. He had his funny and exciting spots, but the WOW effect was missing throughout. There was nothing new, nothing surprising. Of course, I realize that no completely new film can be expected here, but that was not enough.
The film is absolutely unimaginative and bland. The actions are sometimes so unrealistic and pulled by the hair that I would have preferred to have switched off. In my opinion, the film has nothing to do with Jurassic World or Jurassic Park. It is a pity that this format must end up so cheap and exploited. I really loved the first parts.
Not really surprising that there are still unscrupulous moneymakers to whom the Dinos at A.... go by. The sequel involves more the abysses of humanity than focusing on animals. They're more of a supporting actor. What a pity. The feeling from the first part could not be reached nearly.
From the middle of the film it gets confused. In itself only a mediocre transition to the third film. I didn't really realize the target group. Sometimes it looks like a children's movie.
We wanted to look at the part, but unfortunately we couldn't borrow it, so we bought it. The film offers very little action and little thrill. In the cinema I would have been annoyed to have bought it myself.
The creators seem to have looked through the scripts of the old Jurassic Park movies and, in the most tedious small work, cut out everything that was fun with the series. You can see the result here..
You don't even need to start with logic and scary storylines, that would fill an entire book. It's a pity that a pile of money was flushed down the toilet.
In contrast to his predecessors, he is very badly done and does not play on the island, which are unfortunately only the first 30 minutes. He has a lot of contradictions.
We like the film very much but the sound is just bad, so you can't understand the talk in some places. I thought about whether it comes from the DVD player, but with other movies I don't have the problem.
If really nothing else is possible as an option. Plot and story are not really the reisser. Jumping, one thing comes to the other and then immediately the next scene.
Was disappointed with this film. The plot was very abstruse, not a proper guide. The dialogues often very bad. Only the action is okay. Kids will like the movie, the predecessor was and is definitely better.
I couldn't get anything out of the film. The story is lame, the actors are wooden and the 3D wasn't good either. For me, the film was money thrown out.
Sometimes you should just stop when it's the most beautiful. Terribly boring and really imaginative... I really wouldn't have expected it.
Doesn't want to write much. On this film you can see when a bow is spanned. Then it gets boring.
Actually, you can't see it anymore. The first one was still good, but if you don't come up with anything new, it's going to be boring at some point. There is a lack of suspense and a good new story
In my opinion, a bad and predictable storyplot and this part goes into the worst JurassicPark movie for me. JurassicPark isn't developing any further.
Effects are really nice. otherwise the story is mega boring. Actually just like the previous part. You always know what's going on. and the viechers are getting nasty blablab again and again. Actor also mega pale... I don't watch the 3rd part
It is becoming more and more absurd, in the next part there are probably talking raprors...
I was disappointed. That's all I can say... Money thrown out.
It's good that I saved the cinema money for this film. He's not worth the entrance.
Boring Jurassic Park movie. Doesn't need a human being. Especially the death scenes of the poor dinosaurs are so stupid.
Unfortunately very predictable action. Those who hope to build on the good old "classic" will probably be disappointed here.
It's not really worth it. The worst movie since Jurassic Park.
The film is the worst of the Jurassic series. No action, moderately exciting, nothing new. You can save yourself!
The quality was not so good and the film was boring.
Silly and badly acted!
This was by far the worst film in the series. Almost all existing stylistic means were expected in the appropriate place. We didn't quite look through the film, but gave up about a third and just watched the end.
Sorry but that was nothing. The most boring Jurassic movie that has been twisted
Fallen Kingdom is unfortunately another negative example of the film industry's inability to produce a consistently good plot framework, including over several sequels. If his predecessor was still a really well-made cinema, in which one could really cheer along, a few less successful details of this work would rip up the overall picture. What bothered me most was the shift of events from the eerie jungle over to civilization and, above all, the completely meaningless auction of the primordial animals. People's greed for money as an ever-widening basic trend? One can only speculate where this ends in a possible sequel. But at least ... perhaps then at least what was it about the strange and, in my opinion, completely unnecessary appearance of Jurassic Park icon Jeff Goldblum?
Good at the beginning really bad at the end! Very very sad but also superficial! Somehow no storyline! The female lead still unbearable and unsympathetic also Chris Pratt is not in his form here! The only interesting thing is Blue!
But this may have been the last film in the series, although this film hardly deserves to be in a series with Jurassic Park. Bad dialogue, bad acting, bad story and even visually the film was not very appealing. The second star is for the dinos, who have done their thing well after all.
We like the film very much but the sound is just bad, so you can't understand the talk in some places. I thought about whether it comes from the DVD player, but with other movies I don't have the problem.
Just a pity, most of the stylistic means of the old movies are missing, the fight in the end with the dinosaurs was just totally bad, and completely illogical. Why should a T-Rex fight against such a strong DInosaur, win and then just cut off.
The image quality was poor to very poor
Very boring. I really expected something better. This masterpiece does not come to the first part by lengths. Very disappointed and would not recommend this film any further. At least not if you have to pay money for it.
I haven't seen all the predecessors. I found this sequel quite lame and bloodless. I don't expect a talk, but a little tension can't hurt. A lot of budget for little film.
The story fits on the back of a parking ticket, the script on a beer lid. The arc of tension hasn't hit anywhere. The film is so poor in action and content that it is a torment. No one expects acting performances, but a little less cliché than in puppet theatre would have been a nice gesture. Stars are only available because of the special effects and the set design
So I had already promised myself something of the film, but what I got to see was incredibly boring, illogical, poorly portrayed and so exaggerated that it is simply no longer acceptable to leave this product in such a good light. Just as a question... What actually happens to the T-Rex (the Savior of Humanity) ?!?!
I think we wanted too much action here. A lot of things are totally exaggerated and therefore slipped into a ridiculous way. Highly intelligent dinos that also communicate with each other and then also the dino whisperer. In the end, even the terrible Tyrannus-Saurus becomes the savior.
Long-drawn and not so exciting rather what for the afternoon with boredom, I did not find it so good, but is a matter of taste ...
Fade already known story without highlights. Even the effects couldn't rip me off the stool. See no reason to watch the film a second time at some point.
Completely extraterrestrial and made nasty. There are plenty of hungry dinos flying and yet sentimental exchanges are flying under insane threat. It's not possible to be more kitschy.
i haven't seen such a nasty streak for a long time. Everything that the subject could give away is a muddle. Every cliché and scheme that was possible was rolled out. Can you save yourself and watch a nature show on 3sat.
The film is basically class if this horrible sorry wouldn't destroy everything.... Too bad but it's to fall asleep!
the good old Jurassic movies were great, but you can't bear this. I don't want to watch this movie a second time and found the story horrible
Cold coffee warmed up once more. A box office hit out of sheer desperation somehow brought back to the cinemas? This endless warm-up of old successes is pathetic.
I don't think the film is worth watching. Everything without story and without reason. Very needy for improvement.
Always the same, only bigger and with more teeth. Boring, predictable, but real-looking dinos. In the end, all that would have been missing was the Alpha and the Raptor clapping off.
My expectations were totally disappointed. The film does not come close to its predecessors. You can really save the money for it!
I've rarely seen such a stupid/predictable and "Hollywood"-heavy crap. For me, it was a waste of time. If you disagree here, you should only take a moment to think about the final scene.
Effects were good as expected, only where was the excitement and the story?! In my eyes a little lame... very bad!
I watched the film completely worthless and came to the conclusion that the film is a cheap remake of the first part from start to finish. You didn't bother to create something new here and to the effects as if you could touch the green box. It is clear that almost everything was done with the computer.
Too bad, I was happy about it, unfortunately the film is only mediocre, I wouldn't spend any more money on it.
The film is in itself extremely kitschy and eig. a copy of the first part. But the end... no words. I haven't seen anything so bad for a long time.
The film is very nice. You can look at him but you don't have to see him. It is, of course, a dilema when you prolong a story over an infinite number of parts. The problem with this is that at some point you can't think of anything.
Not as exciting as the other parts. I think that's the worst part of all. Can't recommend
In the beginning he was quite good already a bit boring one just looks further in the hope of more suspense this is unfortunately disappointed and at the end more and more illogical and well weak.. now good 2 stars for sound and image everything else unfortunately scrap nothing compared to jurassic Park 1 or 2.
The film is total scrap. Not comparable to the great Wii game.But my son liked, therefore a star more. Once in the video counter, watch and then never again. Just don't buy !!!! Don't even go through as a trash.
for 300 pages it has pulled extremely! so needy details distributed in the book! I don't understand how to speak of a masterpiece! maybe detlev buck should write the book next time
I bought it because of the good reviews. I also read it completely but now it really thrilled me not. In retrospect, I have to say that not too much has been stuck with me either. You can read, but you don't have to read
I really had trouble getting into the book and found the way it was built is a bit confusing. I never really knew whose story was really being told and when then it was quite incomplete for both personalities. It is neither a novel nor a biography!
Nothing essential, superficial, what does the ill-advised son have to do with surveying the world? The fact that there are masses of mosquitoes at Orinoco made me shudder, but it has only to do with the surveying of the world. Thus, the title does not hold what is offered in the book.
I personally promised myself more of this book. I read it, but it doesn't affect my taste
We had to read this book in German lessons and I found it rather boring. Unfortunately, the book cannot arouse tension or interest.
Certainly this book is researched correctly down to the last detail. That is also interesting. Unfortunately, when you read, you don't get any closer to the two main actors, they don't even become likeable! They may have been like that, but I don't want to get to know them. That is why this highly praised work did not pull me off my stool with the best of intentions. Actually a pity, I expected more.
On the cover text, the book is so highly praised. I think none of this is true. It is uninteresting, detailless and boring. You learn very little about the researchers. The plot is completely contourless, without a captivating character. I had to force myself to read on. Shortly before the end, I gave it up. I think that once you have read the book, there is simply nothing left behind. There could certainly have been more out of it. What a pity.
I'm honest: just because I got the book as a gift, I managed to read it out. The first 80-90 pages promise to become an exciting, entertaining and rich book, but - to stick to mathematics - the turning point just came far too soon and the story flounders without delivering new content. If I have now divided the page number correctly, then the first 80 pages are probably just enough for two stars.
Miserable delivery time. Had to wait 10 days... not recommended. Ordered the first and last time. Otherwise, the article was good.
But basically only name-dropping. Everyone has to be there (even Kant and Daguerre). Otherwise quite short sentences and if longer, then usually only a relative sentence. So: For a bestseller, that's all okay, but a stroke of genius? I laugh. But there is nothing that moves me, but so for the S-Bahn...
So my thing wasn't the book. I personally find the time form from which it was written exhausting to read. In terms of content, it would be very interesting and it would be really exciting if it were written differently.
It is a mystery to me why this reading could remain on the SPIEGEL bestseller list for so long. I was not fascinated by either content or language. Unfortunately, everything reads quite "artificial". I can't recommend it.
Everyone talks about it, everyone has it at home, but who really read it? Unfortunately, I didn't finish, it got me tired at some point. But perhaps the heat is also to blame. I give a young writer this mega success, it is difficult for me to explain. An average book, as there are many.
I watched the film mainly because of Henry Cavill and because I really like watching comic book movies at the moment. Unfortunately, however, I didn't like the film at all and it's not comparable to the great films of the Marvel comics (Thor, Iron Man, ...). To my taste, the director probably suffered from a real rage of destruction, especially in the showdown you see mainly collapsing or exploding buildings instead of the fighting actors... I also didn't think Superman's flight scenes were well implemented and it takes quite a long time for the plot to pick up speed. I was expecting more...
I was expecting big things from a director like Zack Snyder. Watchman is one of my absolute favorite movies in the genre, but Man of Steel will unfortunately dust in my collection. There is never an exciting atmosphere and the story is weak! I can only hope that Zack Snyder's next film will get back to Watchman!!!
I found the whole thing dragged out, and quite lame. For a man of steel, things have to be better.
Would have expected much more. Superficial story and wobble camera make this "Superman spectacle" a strenuous cinema evening. Moreover, the superhero is not really likeable.
Long-winded and full of the original. I missed the old constellations. I didn't enjoy it! Technically, of course, great.
Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed with the film. In addition to a naturally great technical implementation, the film has a lot of lengths and does not know how to inspire. Frankly, he is even deadly boring. Unfortunately, a complete mis-purchase from my point of view.
This comes out when you put all previous film adaptations in a mixer and pour the results with a well-known actor over the plate. You could have done more out of it. What a pity!
Far from a truly somewhat profound character drawing and plot. Yes, the action was well staged, but in the long run it seemed really boring. So the name "Nolan", which stands for exciting actions/characters and can really do better, does not live up to any expectation here. Too bad, really bad. And my expectations were really not too high.
My daughter also needed this book for her studies. She read it and she didn't like it. The disturbed relationship of the protagonist with her mother is very stressful and the idiosyncratic sex games between the protagonist and her student also fall out of the norm. Rather disgusting than erotic, my daughter's verdict was. Okay, Elfriede Jelinek has received a Nobel Prize. She can certainly write well, but it's not everyone's taste.
I bought the book on the recommendation of friends. The quality of the book leaves a lot to be desired. Unfortunately, the material is not of good quality. The sides mostly stick together through the black ink. The author's writing style also doesn't make a good impression, making it difficult to read the book.
I can't say anything about the content, but the quality of the paperback is grotesque. I would definitely advise against buying for the only reason!
Books purportedly swaying state had been partially in the water or have a totally scratched cover.
Trivial literature with a not very high level. Both linguistically and in terms of content, however, things are even worse, hence two stars.
I found the book very transparent from the beginning. Some of the actions are completely abstruse and incoherent. The end then surpassed the madness. This was my first Fitzek book ubd definitely my last.
You can read, but the story is just too twisted. One has the feeling that the author wanted to create something special here and then exaggerated it so much that one can no longer comprehend it and it seems pulled by the hair.
The story starts very excitingly, but becomes more and more confusing. Too many resaying storylines. In the beginning I liked the book, then I was glad that it was finally over. Not highly recommended.
One of the weakest thrillers I've ever read. Complete waste of time. I was looking forward to an exciting book and was very disappointed.
Unfortunately, I didn't like the structure of the story and writing style. First it seems hectic, then it drags on. The end comes shaky and unsurprising. Just doesn't meet my taste.
I am truly sorry, but I had the truth crystal clear four days before the truth. A confused thriller, moderately exciting - there are better...
The story is bad, there are many logical errors, individual parts, which are only used cheaply for tension-building, run in the sand and would be completely unnecessary for the plot. Boringly read. Only the end, if you last until then, offers a tiny moment of tension, therefore two and not just one star.
The story is grotesque. More than pulled at all hairs. Worse is the writing style, which is more reminiscent of a school essay than of a well-written novel. Dear editors! Why hasn't you noticed that there are a number of grammatical inconsistencies. This was the second Fitzek after the 'package'. There will be no third party for me. I wonder what can become a bestseller. Quality, at least, does not seem to be a criterion here.
I found the book very tough and not really exciting. You have to read it to the end, because you finally want to know what's going on (but with the dissolution you get disappointed and there are still many inconsistencies), but all in all it wasn't a particularly good book. Have more of expected and am very disappointed after The Eye Collector & The Eye Hunter.
I was very annoyed in part because the story is so unreal. Very pulled by the hair, although always exciting. Have read better books by Fitzek.
This book was my first novel by Sebastian Fitzek. I was very disappointed. The action is predictable, the tension is missing. Just read it ready, because I was probably waiting for a miracle. Weak.
The book has been fluid and entertaining. Unfortunately, the plot was almost predictable and the ending constructed in such a way that it almost annoyed me. Was my first and last book of this author.
The story itself is quite exciting. Linguistically and especially in terms of plot, however, the book is extremely weak. This has the level of a school essay. firstly, this happens, secondly, it happens...
So really, I never understood what this book is so captivating. at some point I longed for the end, but not whether the tension, but because it stretches so endlessly and on top of that was fed with too much esotericism. you can read it,but: well yes
I expected a lot more! I don't like the writing style, which is anything but artful, nor the constructed story, which seems implausibly composed. I was expecting a higher level overall, and this was not met. You can read the book, it may also have exciting places (hence 2 stars), but overall disappointing!!
After all the hymns of praise for this author, I finally got myself the first book "The Therapy". What can I say: the narrative is boring. The plot is sometimes full of inconsistencies. The dissolution of the book is already quite pulled by the hair.
Read-friendly written, which may explain the popularity, but absolutely predictable. I'm bored. I can understand why people like such books, but the fact that the "Bild am Sonntag" is quoted on the flap text basically says everything about the claim.
Pretty unclear charactaries. Exciting but meaningless. those who do not read it have not missed much.
One could describe the plot in 3 - 5 sentences, which I do not do here, because otherwise everything will be betrayed. Under a complex plot, I imagine something else. Perhaps this book pleases readers who generally like to read psychological thrillers. I didn't find it exciting, linguistically not gripping, and kind of superficial... only the idea behind it was not bad. And who is really the psychopath here, you will guess quite soon.
It reads exciting for a while, but overall it's not special. The story is interesting in itself, but I quickly forgot what I read. I am a multi-reader and have high demands on a thriller. It should be stylistically safe, exciting, well researched and intelligent. This is a bit of all this but it doesn't knock you over.
I'm on page 100 now and I'm thinking about whether to keep reading. I haven't read anything boring like this for a long time.
Robert struggles to get going, sizzles through the middle section and snores towards the end. Tension just doesn't want to arise and you torment yourself through the bland plot to the tiring end. Unfortunately, this was not worth it.
I was really looking forward to it because I know Brown's other books. Unfortunately, this one did not take me with me - was happy when I was through although the topic itself is exciting.
For me, by far the worst book in the series. The content, which missed every surprise, could easily have been printed on 100 pages. I always had the impression that pages were for the sole purpose of filling 666 pages, no matter how.
Slowly it gets boring. Almost always the same scenarios. Revelations disappointing.
Was disappointed, had expected a thriller like sacrilege.
After a long wait a real disappointment. The first few chapters are well done, tension is built up, but the remaining 600 pages a single long-breathed, predictable ordeal. There has never been a book by Dan Brown like this. For the better: As always well researched and written in detail.
Unfortunately, the book is a single disappointment. A permanent succession of mini cliffhangers until - similar to cheap RTL II docusoaps - there is a - unfortunately quite disappointing - resolution at the last minute. Interesting twists, gadgets with symbols and places - misrepresentation. Too bad, I liked at least Illuminati and Sakrileg very much.
For me, by far the most boring novel by Dan Brown. Thin story, endlessly artificially lengthened. A few interesting ideas, but otherwise dher boring
As already evident in the headline, but rather slow and predictable! Dan Brown has lost much of his former quality. New Idenn are completely missing!
I read all the Dan Brown books, but this one was by far the worst. Maybe I expected too much, but even the previous novel did not come close to the quality of the first books. Some were predictable and others pulled by the hair.
I like Dan Brown. Actually. Because Origin disappointed me. The revolutionary, world-changing revelation that the entire plot is working towards is merely a profane fact that everyone is aware of anyway. In addition, subplots that have absolutely nothing to do with the story, although this is constantly suggested.
Not at all the Dan Brown I knew from Digital Fortress to The Lost Symbol. A maximum average thriller, predictable over long distances, full of clichés and in sum rather boring. What a pity...
I didn't like it. the previous stories were more beautiful and rounder. A story is written here about artificial intelligence. You could have gotten more out of it.
The actual plot in Dan Brown's latest work is already rather weak and is sufficient for a short story. Hundreds of pages of teaching and digression do not help either, it is, in my opinion, his worst novel.
There was too much computer stuff in the game for me, the tension wasn't like the other books, it was disappointing.
Sorry, but that's certainly the worst Dan Brown, if it were a regional crime that you read in between, that would probably be quite an interim reading. Spain would certainly have been enough for more conspiracy theories, Bishop Valdespino is presented as too easy as a suspect, so that one immediately knows that he is definitely innocent. Somehow, the history of people in private life develops like a Rosermunde Pilcher novel and the great revelation is a prehistory to the borg people of Gene Roddenberry.
Origin can be summed up in a few words: UNGLAUBLICH EXHAUSTING! I put the book aside several times because the story was just incredibly long-winded and exhausting. Illuminati and Sakrileg were great and insanely excitingly written. What this was... I don't know. A thriller? Not really. Even the end/resolution was not groundbreaking or world-shattering. The whole book was like chewing gum and I was tempted several times not to finish it. The 2nd star exists only because I actually think Dan Brown is a really good author. But Origin.... Sorry Mr. Brown, that was nothing.
If this were the first part of the Robert Langdon books, there would certainly have been no more 4. The story is predictable for experienced Langdon fans and not really challenging. The few interesting backgrounds are well researched as usual, but these alone are not enough to bring the fifth part in the usual Langdon manner. Too bad, but the measuring lattte is very high
With each new episode, the Theam "Symbols" becomes more and more boring and sucked out. The whole story is quite predictable and real suspense, unlike previous novels in the series, no longer arises. It's time for Brown to send Professor Langdon into retirement. And as is so often the case, women are just beautiful additions ...
Old scheme, little tension. Sure, Brown used the old Langdon recipe again; this time, however, the book lacks the suspense, even if the conclusion is still surprising. Overall just too many lengths, personally also a little too "doccating", there probably had to be a little thickened.
The story could easily have been told on 300 pages. It was extremely long-winded and the dissolution at the end did not justify this long-windedness. What a pity!
I think those who liked Langdon so far just won't like that part. He is weak and boring in many ways. There are hardly any puzzles, in fact only one (find a book). Moreover, there is no historical context. The characters are bloodless. I was bored and very much wanted the parts so far.
So, I've read all the books by Dan Brown and I have to say. this is the worst in my eyes... extremely long-winded, very predictable... I really struggled. If it had been my first Dan Brown, I would certainly have broken off and never bought a book from him again....
Too bad, I'm disappointed. The worst book of him. Save your money. It pulls and pulls until it comes to an end and still wonders what the sensation about the discovery is
For my taste, the "action wave" has overwhelmed him in this book and thus many events in the sequence are illogical or sometimes more than helpless.
Actually, I'm a big Dan Brown fan, I was really looking forward to this book. In my opinion, it is the worst thing he has written so far. You have to torment yourself up to the middle until it gets really exciting. Disappointing.
Unfortunately, I couldn't get excited about the story. If I read the book until the end, I unfortunately felt rather bored while reading.
Compared to the three volumes "The Lord of the Rings", this book was very simple. I also had the impression that I had read a heavily shortened version. Compared to the English original, the translation is sometimes questionable.
My 12-year-old daughter can be a reader. But this book, which she has to read because of her German lessons, is a little too boring for her. Whether they're after all the 3!!! - and Harry Potter books are already too spoiled?
I have read the book twice and read the HdR trilogy at least four times. The films for the trilogy actually reach out to the books, but "The Hobbit" is rather boring and you can't identify with the characters. Very bad.
The beginning is still quite acceptable, but in the course of the film you get very tired. We missed a real plot and "worked" us "bit by bit" through the movie. Really no comparison to Lord of the Rings.
Unfortunately, I was rather disappointed by this film. Building on the three rings films, there is great potential, but virtually the entire first film is hardly activated. Science of Wonder somehow misrepresentation (and I love the three rings movies)
I'm a little disappointed with this movie. Is the same style as Lord of the Rings - but the genre seems to me to be consumed. Nothing extraordinary about action. As I said - not a bad movie - but boring for me personally.
I'm disappointed... As Lord of the Rings fan, I expected more.... Seriously: The film has real lengths.... technically brilliant replaces but not a good story - Sorry! So - you can look at it but you will somehow press the >> button again and again.... Too bad for money
"The Hobbit" cannot reach the Lord of the Rings. With the book that has not much to do. What a pity!
Price/performance is not right here, I think. The figure is very lovelessly designed and painted, so I sent my copy back. This only concerns the character, but not the film, which I find very good!
This film is pure moneymaking. Long-winded, bad script and flooded with CGI. Those who have read the book will feel cheated and ask how you could create 3 almost perfect films from the 3 LotR waltzes and from the comparatively short Hobbit 3 mieserable (and the first part is the best of the series). The 2nd star is only available for the performance of the actors who manage to make this film handsome.
Action is not exciting and the constantly exaggerated drama of the dialogues and situations make the film ridiculous. Apart from that, each scene is totally lengthy. Too bad for all the effort that was put into the film.
The film is a disappointment, as much (e.g. music) from the "Lord of the Rings" has been washed up. There is no comparable arc of stress. Instead of suspenseful scenes like in "Lord of the Rings", this seems to be just a series of mini-adventures - often drowned in unreal colors.
I really liked Lord of the Rings, but this movie just annoys me. Of course, he looked really great in the cinema, but there was so much to add to the book, and yet it was so long. I just don't like him, because the others can all howl as they want.
Wanted to watch the strip at a cozy movie evening with friends. After about an hour, half of the audience had no desires anymore ... we then had to cancel. The BluRay has been in the closet for several weeks now. Not to be compared to Lord of the Rings.
Hobbit, unfortunately I couldn't enjoy the movie, because this version is only in English. It's a pity, but it can happen.
I was extremely disappointed! The new scenes are a bit extremely short or a musical! The dwarves now sing twice and the Orc King sings too! It's best to watch the scenes briefly on YouTube and save the money!
I as a fan was actually rather disappointed :( .. the worst I found the end.. the music throughout the film somehow didn't match the scenes and I always lacked tension and action. so to see it is enough.. a pity actually
I give the rating here because the film was boring for me. Why? Well, whoever has seen Lord of the Rings has seen too many parallels. For me, there was not enough new in this film. I may be forgiven, but I am disappointed.
So if this film is to satisfy the longing for a continuation or expansion of the feeling from "Lord of the Rings", then "Good night!". He can't keep up! Acts in places artificially silly and thematically dragged out for profit reasons. I couldn't wait for the broadcast on SKY, so I bought the DVD. I don't think I'll ever see them again. SCHADE, but unfortunately not worth seeing...
One has probably been spoiled by the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy... at least I didn't get really warm with this film - a story that is visually (what else?!) completely convincing, but narratively somehow undercooled + sterile does not reach the magic of the ring trilogy... What a pity!!! :-/
As an HdR fan, I was hugely disappointed with the Hobbit trilogy - and for several reasons. The technical is very poorly implemented. The film is completely overlaid with CGI and still technically bad. You hardly get the action because it's fuzzy or far too messy. The plot is also far too exaggerated. Absurdly unrealistic processes; especially at the end of the 3rd part - the whole battle and individual battles of main actors in it is simply fairytale implemented. The end of the battle is then no longer depicted as if a few eagles (which of course do not hurt themselves when falling into dozens of lances) make thousands of orcs so easily flattened and the main actuators of this side battle do not occur after that. After all, they suddenly came in at the right time just in time. Oh miracle oh wonder. No, this trilogy is simply a rip-off: the slaughter of a beautiful children's book.
Sound and image were out of sync (about 2 seconds). This robs a lot of atmosphere.
Characters and stories are sometimes ridiculously oversubscribed and border on a satirical interpretation. In any case, the filming does not do justice to the book.
Don't get to the Lord of the Rings.... And the Hobbit doesn't give 3 parts coming from the book. Long-winded and overloaded.
The money could have been saved. The struggles unnecessarily delay the film. The plot is far too meager for that.
It's disappointing what Peter Jackson brought to the big screen with the Hobbit trilogy and especially with the 5 armies. The plot is almost always clearly predictable, the characters uninteresting, especially the dwarves, completely interchangeable, who says or does what and when. Even in the human world, heroes such as Aragon or Theodem are not visible far and wide. And Bilbo? For me misplaced, it does not convey deep feelings, joy, doubt, grief - everything on the surface. In the end, I was glad that the saga is now over. Too bad, script and casting I just don't think it was successful.
I watched it to the end just because I had paid for the film. The film offers nothing new. Superficially and recycled, it shows the finale on the lonely mountain.
Stupid and loveless. Dwarves like from a freak show. Dialogues ridiculous. Overall weak characters. It feels like a computer game
This is what happens when you inflate a short children's book in such a way. Despite the usual professionally opulent images, the film runs out of air dramatically. Content is searched in vain. Carnage yes, story no. Mean.
Honestly, I was disappointed! As an HDR fan, the Hobbit series didn't convince me so much, the last part contributed a lot. I honestly promised myself more of it.
Monotonous battles and "special effects" that, instead of creating tension, only cause me to yawn. A weak end to a
otherwise worth seeing continuation of the "Lord of the Rings" trilogy (which, however, in its atmosphere and tension never even approximate
achieved). The second star is more of a tribute to the previous films.
Too little story filled with ongoing struggles. The template simply doesn't give enough for three such long movies.
Unfortunately, the end of what I consider to be a disappointing film adaptation of the wonderful book. Overloaded with animated action, lengthened, weak script, superficial relationships and characters. Only Bilbo likes and convinces. It is a pity, Mr Jackson, that there would have been more in it, as you have shown with the Lord of the Rings.
Loveless finished. The plot can be summarized extensively in a three-liner. And very badly animated, the real people seem like put in, you were not used to that from the other parts. Very disappointing. What a pity.
My expectation in the third part of the Hobbit trilogy was simply a similarly impressive finale as when the king returned: unfortunately, I was disappointed here. Thus, the LOTR trilogy remains unmatched for me.
Here it is most clear that the Hobbit offers too little material for three films. Almost 0 action. And the whole fighting hustle and bustle has been seen in the Hobbit and HdR several times. Very simple knitted characters. Weak. 1 star for good animation. 1 star, because I like Tolkien.
I'm rather disappointed after the first two episodes of The Hobbit; nor would it be a comparison to the Lord of the Rings, she would probably not buy me any more.
Honestly, the film didn't appeal to me. The material should have been limited to two films and the story should not have been lengthened by all the force. The fight scenes are so exaggerated that you switch off after 30 minutes. It's just too long. Less would have been more.
Unfortunately, in my view, the weakest part of the series and no comparison to the Lord of the Rings epic. Still quite nice to look at.
As a great Lord of the Rings, Hobbit fan I am very disappointed. So much boredom and kitsch.. Creepy!! Not good at all!!
There is no more action than battles and battles in this part. It's an action movie in fantasy garb.
Unfortunately, the film is only for people who stand for unnecessary action and really meaningless love stories. Don't watch if you love the book!
So let's face it, Mr Jackson, sometimes six are one too many. I am very disappointed, the mood of the other five films was not in the least there. Very bad
Would have expected more. Even the first 10 min are a good example of the low quality. Somehow, everything seems extremely artificial. This is partly due to the fact that the less important actors unfortunately watch very much and on the other hand because the computer effects sometimes look extremely unnatural. The little plot has simply been replaced by an endless battle that makes us a computer game. Some figures jump through the area like rubber balls, the others inadvertently almost hover over the ground. The worst part of the 'Lord of the Rings' universe.
A lot is happening - and yet so little that could captivate you. No hero has really grown to your heart and Bilbo is only a spectator and warp his face...
Action film with many fight scenes and special effects (but they are nothing special on the home screen). Unfortunately, the content, a credible story and the tension are missing.
Where the special effects in Lord of the Rings were successfully used to illustrate a bestseller of world literature, they are simply exaggerated and implausible at King Kong. What a film this could have been if Jackson had paid more attention to the plot and the characters than to the action. But if you see the protagonists of the film fleeing for miles between dinosaur legs, then only modern computer technology is promoted - nothing more.
Oh God, how often do we have to watch remakes of ancient stories in a new guise? One is starting to wonder if the Hollywood bosses, with these huge budgets, which are now required for top films, only have the courage to spend them on old stories in a new guise? Personally, King Kong finds it boring, because you've seen the same thing with Jessica Lange.
Putting a game into a movie is probably not easy, unfortunately it hasn't been as successful here as I hoped.
The film didn't fascinate me much, although I'm a fantasy fan, I couldn't wait for it to be over.
Weak characters, hardly depth, probably just what warcraft fans
The spark somehow didn't want to skip... Was rather lukewarm. Had I hoped for an epic fantasy spectacle. Was rather lukewarm, the figures leave you cold, too superficial everything. The story of abstrus... You have to be a fan of the game. I'm just a fantasy fan, was disappointed, the money and my time are perdu.
