Despite many good film adaptations, the book is a must for all who love Christmas. The original English version is easy to understand. I just had to look up individual words.
Could hardly put this book out of hand! It's exciting! On the one hand, you try to read it as quickly as possible in order to find out how it goes on, but on the other hand you want the book to go on and on!
Incredibly.
It's an excellent book, but I feel like it's a shortened version - it's also teeming with spelling mistakes.
Intelligent!
Rarely have I read a book as good as this one.
Humorous and honest, very entertaining. This autobiography gives a very good insight into the interesting and exciting life of Craig Ferguson.
Just like all the other books in the series, it's perfect to read through. As always, I am looking forward to the continuation.
I read this book years ago and then again and again, and so far this has only happened to me with the Lord of the Rings. In Germany, the book has been published by klett-Cotta-Verlag and can be found in the 'Two Thousand'.
This outlet provides a very good summary of the most important aspects of C++. It is not a beginner's tutorial or a reference book, but it is very suitable for looking up.
Very good
Sensitive description of all persons involved. Different characters are exemplified in their own thoughts. Wonderful, I don't know a nicer book! World literature.
It's fun to read and unfortunately it's over far too quickly! Great characters and a fantastic story! Really fun!
Very great!!
Another book by Sansom that robbed me of sleep. You just can't stop. I don't think you have to say more.
Excellent
Exciting as the Potter volumes.
Lots of historical information. Easily written and exciting.
Without losing big words, it's by far one of the best books I've ever read (and I've really read a lot). The story, the characters, the environment - you dive in and don't want to come up anymore.
Well written and easy to read the story never gets boring and is also not as predictable as other books written with a lot of emotion.
A fantastic story that I can only recommend to everyone. Extremely well told, a sympathetic heroine - in any case, this story has what it takes for many, many sequels. Thank you.
Great reading material - accustomed brilliant narrative style by Sophie Kinsella. Definitely highly recommended, especially for all Kinsella fans.
As someone has noticed: the book that every Apple user deserves. Far better than the official biography.
Exactly what you expect from Dan Brown! Interesting highly topical topic, tension to the last page. Highly recommended.
Dan Brown's best book to date. Exciting and poignantly written. Makes you want To Italy and Dante's work the divine Comedy.
I have already read the predecessors and am also absolutely thrilled by this book!
I read the book on my Kindle, only it was meant to be a test. But I also liked the content. The book was read quickly and at the same time it stimulates reflection.
One of Thomas Mann's works that have had a lasting impact on me. Literal an absolute highlight and enjoyment for the reader. A language that inspires at the highest level. The Thomas Mann entry-level book par excellence, makes you want more men!
It is a great book, a well-kept copy without defects.
The book is not a snip, the action sequences are really gripping.
Very well structured.
This cookbook is very manageable and conveys a lot of basic knowledge. Recipes are available for every taste and occasion. Everything is described very vividly. A "must" for every kitchen.
There is nothing wrong with this work that would justify a star loss. The text is really simple and the drawings are clear. The basic concept of sabre fencing is clearly comprehensible here. You just have to train alone.
My nephew has read the whole series. Super!
Always good to read, nothing to add. Harry Potter will always be my favorite. Whether young or old, there is something for everyone.
This book is a wonderful textbook for learning flamenco guitar. However, basic guitar skills should be available.
Checkout and delivery perfect!
Marketing reading at its finest for experts and interested parties.
Fast and good delivery. Any time again. There is nothing better than the "West Point Series"!
This book was written in a wonderful, simple, but rousing language. It is exciting, entertaining, instructive in one and will make you laugh, think and, unfortunately, cry. The surprising end is definitely successful. Worth a book!
Beautiful book!
I would definitely recommend this film! Was just great!
Very interesting
Wonderful
This is a very good book with many valuable hints and techniques that are easy to understand. Highly recommended.
Great models, very extravagant.
This is not an easy-to-read work. It streaks the unconscious and the paranormal; is a first-rate psycho-thriller. I read this work for the first time when I was 15 years old and then it took many years until I rediscovered it almost by chance on Amazon (Kindle format) and told me "oh, you should read this again". Works of this kind can gain in importance as you mature and get older. In the meantime, scientific research in the field of the psychology of the unconscious has also made great progress, and yet this novel remains just as topical. A recommended reading; the e-reader format is good.
The book is a treasure trove of ideas on how to make socks with a variety of acceptances. The instructions are very well explained and of course you can knit them with round needles!
The book is written in great detail, but never seems boring or lengthy. It is fun to try out the techniques step by step even after reading several times. All around successful. Although the price is very high, it is also justified for this effort.
The book is up-to-date, numerous photos show the individual steps. Good value for money.
I'm not finished with the book yet, but I can already say that it's a very solid thorough work!
everything went very fast and unproblematic
This book meets all the unanswered questions That I wasn't answered anywhere.
Great translation of the original. Highly recommended. Would I buy again and again.
Good processing very fast shipping well translated
Many connections that were not explained in the school are included here. Good literature for anyone who wants to know more about the history of this time.
Very nice story with an intelligent narrative and many twists and turns.
A great book that exceeded my expectations. Delicious recipes and some important background information on the topic of ketogenic erning.
Fast delivery, perfect condition of the book. A very exciting book, which I read very quickly to the end.
Great book. Was very interesting to read.
Great book with lots of important information with everyday trader problems.
Very good thanks
The book was excellent. Super. Fantastic. High voltage. Wow.
This is a super exciting book in English.
This book is an easily saverous help in difficult times. A logical, finely structured structure, a well-translated text and practical instructions for action characterize the book. The author furiously dispenses with academic formulations without losing depth. Many practical examples illustrate his theses and give a good picture of what the theoretical options for action discussed are in practice. A successful work that is worth its price.
For me, Stephen King has won a lot over the years, this story, as a quasi-continuation of Shining, has captivated me from the very first moment, a more than worthy successor!
Excellent
This book is amusing despite its age and also entertaining and exciting. It's just wonderful and funny. It's the perfect children's book!
A really good book!
Highly recommended! Even an experienced bodybuilder or strength athlete will find helpful tips and information in the book to optimize his training.
Such a beautiful book. Beautiful story and great illustrated. Let's do something completely different to watch and read aloud.
An exciting book!
I love this book. Very commendable!
I think this book is very good.
The BEST series that is available at the moment.
Romantic, quiet and beautiful.
The book is very attractively designed, with wonderful pictures. It's just fun to read in it or even scroll through.
A really well-written book, very close to the people and with real instructions for action that can be implemented immediately for everyone. Small notepad for the right wish and you're done.
fast - problem-free - perfect condition
Super funny as a gift
Excellent history. Elegantly written. Anatomy of a small, isolated farming village after the Second World War, told by the inhabitants, with real voices.
This is a very nice book and I have received many valuable tips and hints. It is highly recommended.
Tip as always
If you have ever created projects with GNU Autotools (automake, autoconf) and are looking for an alternative, this book is only recommended. Well structured and clear. Everything you need to CMAKE.
This book describes in great detail and precisely researched the history and technique of this Luger accessory. Recommended for any collector.
Beautiful pattern combinations, highly recommended.
A wonderful book with many highlights and surprising moments that deserves to storm the bestseller lists in America as well. In Germany, Der Spiegel described the novel as a literary event when it was published in 1995. One can only agree with this, because rarely comes a short book, with about 200 pages, which captivates so much.
Magnificently funny
I really liked the two books. I'm really looking forward to the third part.
Harry Potter is great! Once you have taken the book in your hand, you only put it away after the last page you have read.  It is a wonderfully exciting and captivating book, very imaginative and very well written.  On the more than three hundred pages, tension is called for.  You can recommend it to anyone, big or small, everyone will be enthusiastic about it.
The book is both very interesting and well-founded in terms of content, as well as written in a sweet way. A pleasure! I learned a lot and the book was devoured in record time.
Absolutely worth reading, super interesting and brilliantly written. For people who have always wanted to know how Kacken works. Not only informative, but also entertaining, because of the special writing style. Keep it up, Giulia! When will the next book come?
I am very impressed by the amusing choice of words and have learned a lot.
This book has managed to explain difficult connections with simple words for everyone. Thank you Giulia!
A totally cool book, witty written, very instructive and enlightening.
Great book with many new insights!
A great book. It allows the reader to immerse himself very nicely in the lives of others. With a joke and a very special ease to see life.
Very entertaining for people who like some black humour and haven't slept through the last hundred years of world affairs. Absolutely not to be taken seriously.
Sometimes something completely different!! A heart-warming, dry humour. The situations that arise for this centenarian are absolutely funny, but the idea is a shambles. You don't often find a book where you can laugh and the people around you on the bus, in the metro or anywhere else wonder what seems so funny. Easy and fast to read. So I can only warmly recommend. Have fun!
One of the best books!!!! Highly recommended. Personally, I liked the description of the centenarian's CV very much. How can a person be so lucky?
Forrest Gump in Scandinavia. The book is super entertaining and the various excerpts into the jngere world history are informative, exciting and very entertaining.
A wonderful, fast-paced adventure novel, leading through the hundred years of world history!
Very successful work.  My favorite book of the year.  I had to read the book on German because the English edition was not yet available. Highly recommended.
I was captivated by the story, which was very coherent and exciting in terms of content. I highly recommend the book to anyone who likes fiction/science fiction.
Exciting and exciting to the end. One can empathize very well with Katnis's situation and feelings. This book is highly recommended! I'll buy the next part of the trilogy and read on.
I was thrilled. And also horrified. So exciting and yet heartbreaking. Sometimes brutal. All in all, just awesome. Encourages reflection.
Thoroughly beautifully written, especially with the historical background. A wonderful family story that shows time and again that no family is perfect and with which one can at least identify a little.
Wonderful language and choice of words, well written and very interesting.
Karl May is always exciting and Winnetou is one of his best books. Written for teenagers and adults. Means that the language is not so difficult. After the first ten pages, you forget that you read on German.
Exciting and interesting book! What I particularly liked were the different epochs (medieval and present time) in which the story takes place.
As in all her works, the author Charlotte Link knows how to captivate readers from the first page and captivate them with the story. The tension runs through the entire novel, you don't let go, you don't want to put the novel out of your hand until you know who is actually behind the murders. And as always, everything comes very differently than expected ...
Another story written in such a way that I couldn't stop.
The book is exciting and excellently written. One is tied up from the first moment and drawn into the world of the main character.
It's a unique book.
A good book.
Helpful information.
Great story about two ladies and their life story, excitingly told and full of "twists and turns". Charlotte Link is simply a gifted storyteller, and this work is no exception. One of my favorite link books!
Well written and really captivating.  I can only recommend it.  In two days I had read the book. Thumbs up.
This was my first Charlotte Link novel and I devoured it. Highly recommended and also available outside the German-speaking area.
It's fantastic.
I have received the book in perfect condition and am very happy!
It is never easy to translate poems into another language, but this book has largely succeeded. You quickly get an insight into the beauty of the German language!
Wonderful! Incredibly!
Fast and good delivery. Anytime again. There is nothing better on this subject!
All the best! Good condition, fast shipping!
All great! Super fast, despite delivery from America?
Although I am not from Uechi Ryu, I consider this book to be one of the best textbooks of martial arts that exist. Mr. Mattson has my full appreciation for this successful and useful work.
I am very satisfied with this provider. The contact was simple and clear. goods well described. The delivery was very fast. Happy again. Thank you.
German food is food!
Very exciting! I read this book 7 years ago and was impressed by the first chapter. The secret of the magic school, which is located in the mill, and the deadly danger that comes with it, assure that not a minute is boring when reading.
This book by Erich Kästner remains wonderful. The foreword is very funny, and Emil's adventures are a lot of fun. Bravo!
Very good book!  Lots of technical images.
Perfect, happy again. Fast delivery also abroad. Thank you very much.
Thank you for the quick delivery of the great book. It arrived here in very good condition, and I was pleased to read it. I wish there were several more books on this subject after...
Great book with unseen pictures.
An enchanting book for children and adults that - in our computer-controlled time - lovingly draws awareness of the charity and care of our environment. This book is particularly close to my heart because I was able to get to know some of the "main actors" personally.
Fast and smooth. Perfect.
Fantastic book! Don't put it out of your hands any more.
Is good.
Funny crook stories!
The book is excellent.
The skill of little girl Heidi is really beautifully written. You feel like you're in the Alps yourself when you read the book.
Just great! class and written in tell for everyone. It only took me 12 hours to read it and I'm looking forward to the next one.
A wonderful book that you don't want to put out of your hand. It exudes optimism and joy in life.
I enjoy it.
All the best! Good condition, fast shipping!
I am very satisfied, thank you.
Everything went well, anytime again.
Satisfied.
We like it excellent. Beautifully illustrated and written.
The delivery came after 4 weeks, the item is in better condition than expected by the description.
The best book I've read this year.
Simply good and classic!
A book that is as fresh and up-to-date today as it was 120 years ago. Shocking as the author himself and how he intended it. Literary valuable.
Goosebumps guaranteed!
The thriller is excitingly written and I can really recommend it. I read the book in one day. Even if I correctly suspected the murderer after half of the book, the plot is exciting until the end and the how and why one only becomes clear at the end.
Super exciting thriller, not for the faint-hearted. Great characters, great written, a book that is easy to read.
Very entertaining, you can't stop.
The book is something for people with humor! Just to laugh. The author, as they say, did not fall on her mouth. Open and honest sooo right what to laugh about.
I think I've never read a crime novel by Andreas Franz that I didn't like, as always, it wasn't to be despised.
As always an experience! Funny, lively and exciting! This book must not be missed! A book to switch off and relax! Easy to read!
I was honestly amazed at how well this adventure book reads in the German language. You can't put it out of your hands. Quite simply super and exciting to the last page.
Contagiously good! You fall in love with Brittany and can't escape the tension. The first 4 cases of George Dupin are all great. Hear!
A insightful, accessible non-fiction book that I really enjoyed.
Beautiful easy reading to smile, even for women who have not yet reached the age of 60 and want to read about woman-to-woman!
Funny, bubbly and written with humour! Who likes to laugh and laughs warmly!!!!
The book is very exciting and it's hard to put it out of your hands. Can't wait to read the next book.
Excellent book!
A very interesting book. Kaminer is always funny, writing stories that are easy to understand.
Class, like all cases of Dupin.
I really liked the novel. I found it exciting and entertaining. I would recommend Hakan Nesser at any time.
Really a great thriller! I'll download the second case right away. I'm looking forward to it!
This book is not only a linguistic delight - including the numerous poems - but also exciting, humorous and eerily imaginative!!
The book was sensational. It's not just short stories! Schirach is a witty, clever and fantastic narrator. Every story in itself is an event! "The Ethiopian" moved me to tears! A unique book! It's true, it reads easily, but that's not a bad thing? I prefer to read lightly than hard!
Oh, man, we love the Haas. Austria pure. Unique. Luckily there are a few that I haven't read yet...
Not to be missed! Robert Musil is great, and this book is his very best.
The best book in a long, long time!  I am excited!
Very funny book. Good continuation of the 1st Karma-Band. Highly recommended!
I read this book in 3 days. It touched me a lot, not giving up where others no longer see a future. My great respect for Mrs Köster. A great book.
Very moving.
A beautiful book that devoured my daughter. The translation is good.
Wonderful children's book!! Classic!!
I liked the book very much. I knew Hape Kerkeling from television and when I heard that he was writing a book, I really wanted to read it.
This book is an excellent overview of the new state of quantum physics. From basic principles to higher applications. In German or English.
Excellent novels by an outstanding writer.
This book shows in a very humorous way, not only how difficult the German language can be, but also how funny. Highly recommended!!
Very excitingly written. You have no idea how it will turn out and even at the end you are still interested in finding out all the last details. Worth reading for all crime fans!
I really liked it. The story was exciting and the audiobook was well done.
As always written great. Pure tension. The private stories surrounding the investigators are also always exciting. Thank you very much for that!
A highly recommended book. Very exciting with many surprising twists and smart intrigues.
I love it!
I have never read a book about the intestines with so much pleasure. A great read full of excellent information. It just can't get any better!!
I haven't laughed like that for a long time. Super book!
I love this book!
Good formatting.
Definitely something that takes advantage of the smiling muscles!
A stunning book - stimulating to look at things differently, not to take everything so animal-like seriously ...
An excellent novel entertaining, instructive, informative. Really good fiction.
Fast shipping and perfect operation!
Exciting and technically coherently written. I think that the reaction of the population alone is excessive. I don't think there's anarchy after a few days...
Phenomenal!
There's not much to say. Just a hammer book. From A-Z exciting!
Until now I only knew the film, but was immediately enthusiastic about the book! Reads great and was unfortunately far too fast to finish.
What a beautiful book. Not so overly funny, but a nice story.
The second part of the trilogy grabbed me just as much as the first. Get the last part and read on. Super history! Mega exciting and authentically written, you can't get rid of the book.
Rarely read such a good book. It's a pity it's over. Start reading again right away. Simply awesome.
A fantastic book.
We love the book!!
Essential....
Great book, brilliantly written!
An intelligent, sophisticated and well-written book that reflects the lives of characters from different angles. Clearly stands out from the average in its quality.
An intense reading experience.
I can't get enough of the writer! She writes as if taken out of life and in some stories you find yourself again, cheerfully written!
Entertaining work and excellent translation! Reads well and for free on kindle. I'm reading more Verne works from the series.
Everyone knows this famous book by Alexandre Dumas!!!
Fantasticly revealing book!
The new version is very accessible. The language understandable without being too modern.
Is a really great book.
I love Jonas Jonasson's writing style. As with his first book, this book is a story that remains exciting from start to finish. I was disappointed when it was over. More!
A great book. I like it extraordinarily.
So sweet and it rhymes!!
Fantastic, soulful book. After years of working in Bach flower therapy, I gained deep insinuation from this book.
It is profitable to read Helmut Vorndran.
Excellent collection.
A wonderful book, highly recommended!
Excellent! You can learn a lot from the book!
A very interesting booklet. Was a gift for someone who has experienced this time.
Great book with very beautiful impressive and atmospheric photos. A lot of book for money!
A very sensitive and intelligently written, yet not sentimental book about feelings, pain, emotions, etc. in animals. One can only hope that it reaches a broad audience and that the research results described there are incorporated into our relationship with the animals.
The third part of a great trilogy. All three are recommended.
The trilogy is highly recommended. Very interestingly written.
I was looking forward to reading this novel for a long time and was not disappointed. I would recommend it to everyone.
I've read all of them in this series so far and I found them all very exciting. This novel did not disappoint me either.
Incredibly exciting and sad at the same time. From the first page I was tied up and had to keep reading. Highly recommended!
The most interesting book I've read in years. Together with the book "The Maple Leaf".
All ok, nice contact, again and again.
I think the book is great. Beautiful patterns and easy to knit.
It's an old-time book with a beautiful history from Egypt - adorable and nostalgic, almost unrepeatable if you follow politics, therefore worth reading twice.
Great way to write, eerie language skills - captivating and sad novel.
I only knew the film. Very exciting and well-written book. I couldn't stop reading.
Fabulous, legendary and fairytale.
Great and great photos!
Excellent. Man laughs!
Very user-friendly.
A great story with impressive illustrations.
Very good book with interesting information.
Exactly what I wanted!
Would I recommend to all this generation!
I'm thrilled!!! Great booklet!!!
My children are very enthusiastic about the book and want to read it again and again. The story is instructive and beautifully chosen. My daughter and son both love the story.
Very fluid to read, recommended for anyone who likes historical novels.
I read the book and trained for a while now and I have by far the best successes with the training system.
Very entertaining. An epic.
Very good book! Absolutely read.
Good translation and beautiful caligraphs.
With this wonderful book you dive into a magical world from the first to the last line. Experience growing up with all its facets, listen to the differences between failed and successful communication and realize how it succeeds in helping and appreciatively for all involved ... and all this is packaged in a story that goes to the heart! Absolutely recommended, this book! Can't read often enough, thanks to the author!
Very interesting book!
Great, as always! Can't wait for the next book to be published.
I got the book from my sister for my birthday and since then I've been a Charlotte Link fan. I couldn't put the book out of my hand and i really devoured it. It's exciting, mysterious, and has a "twist" at the end that reminded me of Alfed Hitchock movies.
I love the books of Marion Romana Glettner and am thrilled by her humor.
Absolutely worth reading and absolutely use!
An amazing book. With these revelations, one has to wonder what else is wrong in German equestrian sports. Very worth reading, not only for professional riders, but for all equestrian sports enthusiasts.
A profound story that is wonderfully written in literary terms. The book makes you want more literature of the best quality. I like a few books so much.
Very interesting book, for all those who are interested in this topic!!!
It was all I expected! This author always produces interesting books. I have everything she has written.
Arthur Pahl's stories come from the heart. They are humorous, touching and stimulate to think - and will be remembered years later. A classic!
Very good, error-free read..  A very readable novel!
Susanna Piontek has discovered a new art form in her book of short stories. Not only are the characters described in a clear and credible way, but each story awakens a growing curiosity in the reader about how it will end. In Spring Awakening, for example, the main character, a forensic scientist, makes an astonishing discovery only in the very last paragraph of the story. In class meetings, the fate of a very intimate liaison takes a completely surprising course, as does "fraud".
China with heart - Heidi Cremer describes her many years of experience in China with a cheerful, narrative style. During her time in China, numerous contacts and friendships arose. These allowed her insights into Chinese culture and customs that a Western visitor does not normally get.
This book has many exercises and texts with which one can prepare well for the Goethe exam. I recommend it to anyone who wants to improve and deepen their language skills.
Very helpful.
The waitress's son is a wonderful book that I could hardly put away. The story of Hannah and her son is touching, exciting, and as people here in the States like to say, an absolute ""page turner"". The different characters are well worked out. You like them all so much that it's hard to say goodbye at the end of the book. You want to keep scrolling, find out how they all get their lives under control. And so, for days after I finished the book, I went through my life and pondered what Hannah is doing now.
Great book and still up-to-date today.
Very extensive and informative work about the Wrangel family. Helpful in all aspects of historical research.
Very good. Cabal and love is and remains one of my favorite books. An eerily well-written bourgeois drama by Friedrich Schiller.
A very impressive book.
Highly recommended.
Almost like a time machine. Also very funny and charmingly written.
Just great!
Really great! Contains a lot of information and details that you wouldn't get otherwise.
Very good book: practical and useful!
The third book by Slava Steffens also leaves nothing to be desired. All recipes are easy to follow, even for beginners. All recipes very tasty.
Much better on German!
Very interesting contributions also for non-mathematicians.
Fantastic!  I'm still in part three!
The novel is very well written and I liked it. This is highly recommended.
Gorgeous!
A work that touched me too deeply and enlightened me intensively and which I can only recommend!
Super book.
Today I read the book to the end and I have to say: I thought it was really good!
Excellent. I recommend it.
A very successful sequel. Lots of feeling, a lot to think about and everything packed into a beautiful, quiet language. Poetic and never cheesy. Highly recommended!
The whole series is simply class.
Three stories, one more fascinating than the other: about death, the gliding over and the approaching end.
Heart-warming, honest and profound! The book makes you want to explore some of the places yourself or simply venture into the adventure yourself.
I'm thrilled! My new favorite book! Super cute wonderful figurines with easy-to-understand instructions and easy to crochet. I am very happy that Caroline has published a book in addition to her great video tutorials! Recommend the book to any crochet fan!
An interesting story, good to read.
The book is very appealing.
A very good book, which should be read more often, especially in this day and age.
A wonderful collection of poetry that makes you think.
The book is very vividly structured. You get a good insight into which muscles, which exercises come into play, or are trained.
The book is great! Should you definitely read.
I think this book series is awesome!
A great book by one of my favorite authors.
I really liked it. Easy reading to relax. Michelle turns out to be much less and superficial than I thought at first. Highly recommended.
Excellent!! An excellent collection of fairy tales.
Beautiful book!!!
Excellent book that authentically reflects the real situation in a fictional story! Compliments to the team of authors!
The best of its kind! Great!
This book is fantastic! Very exciting and is perfect for children and adults.
An exciting story that captivates!
This book is top!
An exciting and grandiose start. In a totalitarian-controlled world, Tavi must become aware of the role she plays for her fellow human beings.
This is my children's favorite book.
The book is entertaining and humorously written. The author has a good feeling for the right choice of words. You just get a taste for adventure.
Here you will find everything; Love, hatred, jealousy. It's just great to read.
Absolutely recommended!
Incredibly clever and funny! All three horns a must!
As always, an excellent historical novel by Rebecca Gable. I was really sad when I read it to the end.
Great book once again by Rebecca Gable, was not to be expected otherwise.
I'm still laughing!
All the best! Thank you very much!
A very exciting and interesting book.
"The Tree of Life" is a very interesting book. It impressively depicts the history of Mexican people and their culture.
What Clear does is, contrary to expectations, really good. When it comes to achieving goals and developing good habits or smashing bad ones in the ton, the book is highly recommended.
Well researched. Extremely well written and very instructive for me personally. With many examples of everyday life and career. I was packed and the 7h drive passed like in flight. Therefore, 5 stars.
At first I thought it was more of a motivationbook. But it's not true. Very well-founded. And in the end motivating.
A very great book that explains how to approach habits.
Good book, very informative. Easy to read,easy to understand. Good translation from the original.
The book is just incredible. In many places, I was just thrilled with how truly everything was described. I now understand a lot, including why people are as they are.
Although the matter with the work "inner child" is not novelty, the book is nevertheless very vividly, comprehensibly and carefully written. For everyone who wants to understand themselves and their environment better. Absolutely recommended and an enrichment.
The book is simply worth every euro. Sometimes you don't notice what makes you unhappy until you've read this book. Really great.
It's a great book. I have learned a lot about myself, been able to analyze patterns from myself & others & I now know how to reflect my own behavior & grow as a human being & develop myself. If I had only read the book earlier, I would probably be spared a lot. It really is one of the best books I've read so far on personality development.
The book is really great. I am a psychologist and can say that the content is scientifically sound. Everything is explained in a very understandable way and there are exercises for the individual chapters. Really great!
It is super pleasant to read this book and I can only recommend it to everyone. It totally builds you up and gives you targeted ways of thinking that make your life easier. I think everyone should read this book and we all have less worries, arguments and more beautiful moments.
I am absolutely thrilled with this short story about the meaning of life. I got the book for Christmas and read it within a few hours. It is written in a simple, funny and also serious way and stimulates a lot of thought. I can only recommend this book to anyone who wants it easier in life. The book reveals many new ways of thinking that often reach us to change our lives in a short time, positively. I can only suggest this book to everyone.
A wonderful book with great inspiration. The continuation of the book is also highly recommended! It is a fictional story in which the important questions of life are created.
A good book that makes you think. I liked it so much that I have already ordered the sequel. It's worth reading, and since it's very short, you'll certainly find the time to do it.
A great book. Since I have been working intensively on the topic of self-discovery and the meaning of life for a long time, the book had nothing new to learn for me, but I have read it very much and can only recommend it if one wants to deal with these topics or already has.
An interesting book. It was recommended to me by a person whose life has completely changed this book and who spontaneously left Germany and emigrated. The book encourages you to think. What is the meaning of life?
I've read this book twice, wonderful story, clearly re-enacted and beautiful. This is now for a gift for a very dear friend. She has little time and therefore this beautiful story in paperback format.
The book is great! I recommend it to anyone who often thinks about what life has to offer and does not feel that they have arrived.
The book was read quickly because it doesn't have many pages.
The book is simply well written. I wasn't sure at first, because of the subtitle, whether I should buy it... but it was absolutely worth it. I read the book or booklet directly on a piece. Highly recommended.
I really liked the book and is super easy to read! There are very good examples, in understandable terms. I have been recommended to the book to find my way and can confirm that it is very helpful.
Beautiful book that lets you read very quickly and easily. However, one will certainly take it back into your hands more often as it actually stimulates people to think about one's own life.
The book is very high quality. Very well formulated in terms of content.
An important book.
A total sucking book. It helped me a lot personally. A great dialogue between a philosopher and a young man. Ingeniously subtle, simply great questions with equally simple answers, to which some people can react in amazement...
An insanely good and interesting book, which I read with great enthusiasm. I was thrilled that the book was designed as a dialogue between two people. The depth psychology of Alfred Adler was not known to me until now, the more enthusiastic I am about it. For me, it is completely understandable and plausible on many points. A book that everyone should really read. Easy to understand, with humour and yet depth. I can really put it to heart.
The book has incredible depth. I like to deal with psychology and philosophy, but Adler's theory has been new to me. I had some aha experiences reading and it changed my point of view or rather suddenly doors opened that I didn't even notice before. A great book. Highly recommended.
This book was highly recommended to me by an acquaintance and I was not disappointed! Great dialogue between a philosopher and a young man in Japan. Highly recommended!
Great! A really good book for all those who are very often TO GUT in many situations and put themselves in the back. Can I definitely recommend!
Very good book, pleasant to read! Stimulates reflection and changes your attitude! You always have to see yourself as a victim???
A very interesting and also exciting book. On a recommendation, I ordered this book and was thrilled. It is a good help, guide and also very interestingly written. I'm looking forward to the second volume.
Got it devoured. Very good book with suggestions. You already know some things but sometimes you just have to read them so that they are reminded of you. I really liked bdaa book and helped.
Very interesting written and I find easy to read. It is a different way of conveying the principles of Adler. It never gets boring.
This book is not only inspiring and a boon for your own head, it's also really great for relaxing when you hear it about Audible. The two speakers manage to tell exciting and at the same time reassuring stories. Absolute purchase recommendation!
Toll!
Very informative introduction to the psychology of Alfred Adler. Exciting. It's hard to put it out of your hands.
The book is great, it's really "exciting" to follow the dialogue and there are so many helpful tips for your own life. Really great!
Really great book, a lot of good advice for life, it helped me a lot.
The book is fantastic!
I can only recommend. I have read and worked a lot in this direction, but this book is very understandablewritten.
Must read, really well written.
Super to motivation. Was fun to hear.
Wonderful book, very suitable even for non-parents. I learned so much about interpersonal communication and feel a little wiser.
I would have liked to have had more practical examples (some are already mentioned) but still a valuable guide that conveys a central message. Absolutely read, it's worth it !!
A super helpful and informative book for parents and grandparents. Well structured in many individual questions/situations.
No complaints, all very well.
Has finally fulfilled all my expectations of independent, competent nutrition advice in full and far beyond. I'm looking forward to the recipe book! Many thanks to the author!
I liked the book very much, very understandable (for a medical layman). very helpful the tips and tricks... all in all ... a very exciting book and highly recommended for anyone who wants to make fundamental changes to their diet.
Read through in one go and enthused. The author does not impose anything on you and tries to give as neutral as possible but very entertaining an overview of our diet, and what we could optimize daily. The matter is actually very complex and yet everything is written very clearly in tell. Have already started with the practical implementation of the tips. Top book!
The book is very well written and very informative. Anyone who has read it will definitely think more carefully about what they are eating. Even if you have already eaten a healthy diet, you will definitely learn something about it. I would recommend the book to everyone, especially the younger generation.
A great book - easy to read and very instructive. I wanted to understand the background to why what eators or not and how the body works. It is hard to keep the balance in a time of abundance and the constantly available food supply. Now I'm smarter and can control my diet better.
Very successful cookbook. I've already cooked some recipes from it and they were all very tasty! Attractive and lovingly designed pages. And as someone wrote before, the book is also very informative. I like that very much. Super suitable for someone who would like to find out about a healthier diet and like to cook!
There is no better book. Super informative, varied recipes, multifaceted, also with alternative contents (oat milk, coconut syrup, etc.). Very lovingly designed, on each page there is even extra info and tips. The photos are qualitatively very successful, very coherent. I am excited!
This is a really great book. The recipes are really tasty, healthy and actually look self-cooked exactly like in the book - which is usually not the case. I also particularly liked the front part with the expertise in food. It is truly instructive and encourages a rethink of its consumption and eating behaviour.
Incredibly great cookbook created with love. The book has more than enough recipes to my liking, so you can never get bored in the selection. It was also important to me to have not only unusual but also simple recipes to choose from - that is definitely given! The first 40 info pages are also a dream for anyone who wants to get a little smarter. Great, great, great!!
Really great book with good recipes. Descriptions are well and understandable. Can definitely be recommended.
The book provides honest and authentic insights into the topic of "narcissism". It is wonderfully simple and understandablewritten, so you would have the impression you would sit opposite each other and have a conversation. Thanks for the beautiful book.
Super great book to recommend to anyone who is in such a situation. Delivery was swift.
Ingenious book, absolutely worth reading! I'm looking forward to the sequel. Very exciting to find out who and where we are Sapiens. But also frustrating, because we can hardly be proud of ourselves......
With a wonderfully fascinating writing style, the author tells of the history of the species Homo Sapiens and his triumph over all other life forms on planet Earth. Prejudices are cleaned up, new perspectives are offered to question structures, systems and seemingly incontrovertible realities. Very entertaining, factual, logical and comprehensible written. Clear reading recommendation!
A great book. I do not think that enough can be written positively about it. Definitely recommended for people who wonder whether everything we have heard about the history of mankind is true or not.
The book conveys the facts of evolution in an entertaining way and illustrates the current state of research. This book is recommended for anyone interested in how we became today's people of the 21st century.
One of the best books I've ever read. Connects some areas of interest that interest me... and quite humorously written.
Very good book, exciting, informative. I look satisfied and can only recommend it to anyone, it definitely arouses the interest in history. Even for those who did not like the subject in school, the author makes it very interesting!
Good book. Like. Is good to read.
Very interestingly written. I have learned a lot of new things from it. Can I only recommend
I have just read that book. I find it very good and interesting, so I ordered it immediately,
to give it away.
This book is simply awesome. Very fluidly written and full of information and many new perspectives. Will read it many more times!
An indescribably good book. I can recommend it 100%.
A fascinating and extremely brilliant analytical text and a good speaker
Very informative, very well and understandably written. It's hard to stop reading. I can only recommend the book.
The best book I've ever read in this area. This is a MUST for anyone who has to do with people and everyone has that, read and implemented.
Beautiful beginner tips and good recipes. Well illustrated and described in detail. My first Dutch Oven book and I don't need another one, because it's all inside that you need to know. The rest is then the experience.
This book was a birthday present to a chef. He's very excited. When I asked me, he said that these recipes can also be prepared in the normal baking tube. So on my next visit to the recipe book I will go to the recipe book to spy a bit and test one or the other recipe in the tube.
Great book Informative with lots of basic knowledge and delicious recipes. Ideal for beginners and advanced users.
This book is really very well constructed. Everything is explained super and is easy to understand even for newcomers. I would buy it again.
Very successful book! Top for beginners and experienced. I bought the book to get new ideas. There are great pictures in it and it's all very well described.
A big positive surprise for me! Simple recipes without "Fancy Ingrediences" or lots of Trarra. Simple, super-tasty, nice photos and also really inexpensive.
Great book, with many good recipes, about taste in terms of recipes can be argued, only I find it sufficient and helpful for me.
I have already bought the book and this one as a gift. The recipient is just as happy as I am. Great recipes with great pictures and good information about the Dutch.
I ordered the book as a gift and also browsed it, it contains really great recipes. I'm happy!
We have ordered the book together with the dutch oven, and are really excited. There are really many recipes in it
A really book, easy to understand and really well written the recipes are well explained and easy to imitate
Exactly as described. Very good to understand. Open
Great for studying.
I love this book! After reading it, I was really inspired and implemented some things directly successfully. It's nice to just look back and refresh your thoughts. Have already bought several and given them to friends and acquaintances, who are also enthusiastic about it. I can only recommend everyone.
You should perhaps read this book every year, so that you can think about your life so far, which you lose sight of all too quickly, I hope that I will be able to change something for myself. Thank you for the suggestion, I can only recommend it to any reader.
A very good book that encourages action. I've read a lot about positive thoughts and happiness, but I didn't want to put this book out of my hand. Mr. Leister describes in a neutral but also stimulating way the thoughts that really matter in life. Especially highly recommended in the digital age.
Great book. Not too short and not so long. The book opens one's eyes and Moriviert one. Really simple and understandable written.
Super Author ,I liked his first edition so much but this book is another climb perfect, it helped me a lot
Beautiful book that was well received as a gift.
This book is very easy to read and has many valuable tips and information that enrich the further development and are comprehensible. Thank you very much.
Very helpful in any situation in life.
Well understood and reads well. Helps to think differently about different situations in life and to get a positive attitude.
Super book, easy to read! Well written.
Very nice book! Have already given it away and liked the recipient very much.
A very readable book, beautifully written. I was able to take a lot of thoughts with me. Recommended.
A great book.
That's how I imagined it!!!
Great book, highly recommended. Reads very well! Ordered another book directly from Michael Leister!!!!!
Fast delivery, Very exciting and top written.
Class book, only recommended!
Super book, written great, I found myself in many thoughts and recognized problems and solutions.
I can only recommend to everyone, written very understandably. I couldn't stop reading finished reading in 4 hours.
The book is really fascinating. It shows you a completely new worldview and shows you how one is already pre-conditioned in certain perspectives. For me, one of the best books in the world right now. Everyone should have read that.
Highly recommended book. Super written!
Super book, everyone should have read.
A great book that should be compulsory reading! Everything used to be better? No! The world today is much better than we think. But far from perfect.
Very good book! You probably can't invest 20 euros much better.
Very nice books for first-graders. Did I buy my daughter and she liked the booklets very much
Everything went to the fullest satisfaction. Delivery time was excellent. Highly recommended!
Very fast shipping! Goods have arrived flawlessly. Product corresponds to the description.
Everything top, arrived quickly and priced cheaper than at online booksellers.
Great tasks. Great success and that with fun.
Super fast delivery and fulfills its purpose, they are great books for beginners.
Just great to learn to read.
Always happy!
Meaningful and good.
Really good books for primary school.
Very fast delivery and very good in price I am thrilled.
Everything worked out great and fast.
Would like to read the whole book at once, but I can't do that. Here has written a person who has remained on the ground, who lives and writes realistically and emotionally. For me a pleasure to read. I think the woman has been even better since I started the book.
Great book about a very sympathetic and intelligent woman who is always with both legs in life! Her childhood, her school days, her professional career, getting to know Barack Obama, the birth of children, her time as First Lady... everything is told very excitingly and entertainingly!
The book is very well written, so you have fun and no trouble reading. I would particularly recommend it to those women who have been doing the same job for years, even though they know that they can and want more, but simply do not make the jump. It inspires me every day anew.
Nice to read, interesting and not off-putting.
The book is beautifully written and life-saving, but also very human and vulnerable. The delivery was even made one day before the specified delivery date
A whole weekend "read out", never borebore arose !
This book fascinated me from the very first line, the life paths and processes in the eight years of life and work of the wife of the President of America are exciting as a thriller and have given me many food for thought.
A fantastic book by a unique First Ladie. This book encourages tolerance, resilience, authenticity, hope and commitment. I rarely read such a compelling and emotional biography.
I can only recommend the book. It reads very well and reveals many impressions and stories about the real life of Michelle Obama and her family and their entourage. It was very interesting and I will definitely read it again.
This book motivated me that faith in the possibility of change with politics, despite disappointments, must not be abandoned. This reading is a must, for all with yet another spark of responsibility.
A fascinating woman presents deep insights into her origins, her thinking and acting. The authenticity of the statements and the image of life drawn by humanism and empathy in this book are worth recommending the work unreservedly.
Great! This woman encourages us to listen to what you really want in herself. When I read it I had the feeling of being lazy all the time (which is not bad) ! Your day must have had 36 hours with this work done. Absolutely worth reading!
What else can we say? The good Michelle just ;) For me, it is compulsory to read when you are looking for strong role models. The woman is just insanely interesting!!!
A wonderful book of a great woman, strong, yet humanly sensitive and fantastically written insights into her life from childhood. Simply great and of course there is a clear recommendation.
I have been interested in equities for a long time, but only now have I found the right guide. Here everything is well described from A to Z. What stocks are, what you can do with them and how. Especially how to start and what to look out for. A little bit I already knew, but also for people who don't know anything yet, the book is really a big help.
Really interesting! Previously had zero idea of stocks and investments. I bought the book because I was interested in the subject and thought that before I just get started somehow, it would be better to get basic knowledge. And this book has exactly fulfilled my expectations. Super explains what ETF is, how does it work and also how to face the stock market. Which plants are there, which is the right one for you. Really great.
The book is ideal for beginners. You get all the important terms explained well and thoughtfully, as well as a guide on how to buy shares, sell them and what you need for them. So if you've always been interested in stocks but have no idea how to do it, you should definitely read this book.
In the world of work you don't have the time to cook big and this book knows that. The recipes have never lasted longer than 30min. Can make a recommendation to the book.
Since I work 12 hours a day, I don't have much time and desire to cook something in the evening. Since ordering something (fast food) is always too expensive in the long run and also relatively unhealthy, I ordered this book. The recipes are all very tasty and really easy and time-saving to cook. Above all, I can now eat healthier. TOP Book
A successful book with really delicious recipes. All recipe ideas can be recooked quickly and easily. I've already cooked a few dishes. This was easy, quick and without problems, which is especially important for me as a full-time worker. In addition, the recipes are very healthy. Therefore, I can only warmly recommend the book.
Really horny. For work-ready easy-to-prepare recipes that are delicious and mean little work. So even with two jobs you can still cook healthy things during the week without a huge effort. Very tasty recipes that also saturate.
The book contains a short explanation on the subject of low carb and related information on nutrition and recipes. In addition to an extensive collection of recipes, there is also a 30-day diet plan at the end. I found this very helpful as an orientation. The recipes themselves are delicious and cooked comparatively quickly.
Very helpful book. I particularly like to see the different dietary habits here. Which products to avoid or what to look out for. The recipes are top, so the diet change is sometimes fun. I've found my favorite recipes before.
Really good book about the different diets you can all make to get to your destination. So you can choose the best for yourself, which I think is great. And the woman in particular has had so much experience with it that she can tell how her successes were with it and also the fact of how to slim overnight.
I got sooo much information about fast diets. What there are and what they do and what risks there are. The info seems well researched and offers some ideas.
A good book, easy to understand.
The book is written in great detail. The individual diets are presented and executed in an easy-to-understand manner. I bought the book to learn more about health and diets, and I wasn't disappointed.
The book gives interesting and also new insights into the world of diets. There are some good tips included and I read a few pages again and again. Can I only recommend, especially the eBook, as it is really cheap
Great written and explained, am thrilled, fast delivery
In the guide, different types of diet are well explained. I'll definitely try some of it.
Very good descriptions, explanations and references. So that you can get off to a full start. Would recommend it again and again! 
If you have the time, you should take a look at this work. Perfect to withdraw from the daily grind and think about things you don't take time for otherwise.
Great book, very easy to read if you already know books about/to Marc Aurel. Amazon delivered quickly and I immediately devoured the book. Surely one wonders one or the other time what is meant/seems a bit old-fashioned, but overall he was already very far ahead and says a lot of good things.
Interesting book. Once Started reading and I couldn't stop.
An extraordinary book, very inspiring perspective! Excellent price/performance. The individual chapters also read very smoothly.
Thanks to Marc Aurel and the translator for this outstanding work. It actually helped me personally to be a bit above things in life
Visual policy literature is only to be recommended.
Good product as described.
Very forward-looking and valuable!!!!
Beautiful book with short chapters that make you think! Very satisfied!
Wonderful book also externally. The texts are so clever and wise that one wonders when one considers the time they come from.
Simply indescribably interesting. Insights into a great time and a brilliant representative of this great Roman era. the book is highly recommended
One of the best books I've ever read. Absolutely eye-changing. Can I recommend to everyone only warmly.. !
Beautiful book. Stirs to tears. It sums in words what should be given to each child on their own journey.
Absolute purchase recommendation also for large children and teenagers.... and adults.
Very nicely designed and noble book with a content that can also be read well for adults.
An absolutely great book! Wonderfully illustrated with a valuable message: that everyone is something special with many talent! Has even taken me as a mother completely with me and moved to tears!
This book is one of the most beautiful children's books I've been holding for a long time. The drawings are quite wonderful and you actually discover a little something every time. The story is also really beautifully told, short and crisp is conveyed here quite clearly how wonderful and unique the little reader is and that there is something very special in each. Gorgeous.
This book is full of encouragement. Full of words that encourage. Full of enchanting and detail-loving images that give strength and confidence. A very special book that teaches children to pursue their energised, even to fail, in order to eventually grow from them. Not just for children. For young and old. All dreams can come true! Simply beautiful, unfinished!
This book has simply beautiful pictures and also a very, very beautiful text. For small children I wouldn't necessarily buy it, but it's quite suitable as a gift for slightly larger children or for a good friend. I gave it away and the birthday kid (in the 40s) was thrilled.
Beautiful motivation book for not so small children Have bought it for my 11 year old daughter Dreamlike illustrations to look in again and again. Clear purchase recommendation
This book, although the title is quite complicated, is one of the most beautiful children's books in a long time. It moved me to tears. I can only warmly recommend it to everyone.
Probably the most beautiful book !!!! The whole family loves it ! My daughter is completely impressed and takes so much positive from this book ! Beautiful.
Great pictures, very touching, I had a little tear in my eye when I first read them. Actually bought for my children, but with so much depth that the book was also worth it for me. I am grateful that I bought it and can suggest it to everyone!
One of the most beautiful books I've ever read or read. I hope it will be my daughter's favorite book. In any case, my heart has already conquered it.
A book not only for children, but also adults.
The pictures are beautiful and you can already learn a lot from these pictures alone. The text is short, but all the more impressive.
Beautiful book also for adults, very small children under 2 can't do anything with it yet but from 2 better maybe 3 years are definitely interesting the drawings, important is always what you make of it for the children (based on the sayings)
The pictures are beautiful, and the lyrics are very loving. But I'd rather have bigger kids on the way, rather than a gift book. I gave it to my teenage daughter.
Very nice book. I was inspired to buy by the reviews. It was very worthwhile! Beautifully designed. Actually wanted to give it away. But keep it yourself...
This is a wonderful story as life means to us every day. For big and small a very instructive and beautifully illustrated book, which I have already given away. Recommended to everyone.
Super great book for all ages. Lovingly and nicely described, also beautifully illustrated. It explains that defeat in life is part of it and that everyone has something special in them. My 10-year-old daughter loves this book. I must also confess that this book sometimes makes me think.
Everyone can read and benefit from this book. The message it conveys is so valuable! The illustrations are really beautiful. I am very happy that I found this book! A new darling of mine! Repurchased and given away!!!
A very nice picture book. With beautiful pictures and great texts. Makes courage and hope. One of the most beautiful books I bought recently.
An incredibly beautiful picture book about the strengths in each of us. In terms of content, one of the most beautiful books I know, we have given it away more often.
Miracle, beautiful. One of the most beautiful books for children!!! My son is 7 years old, he was very touched.
A very nice book and very easy to understand for children. So we have a book for the next book presentation.
A really nice book with short easy-to-understand sentences and very beautiful pictures! I would buy it again.
The most beautiful children's book we have on the shelf. The illustrations are wonderful and the text is so lovingly written. Simply beautiful!
Just beautiful. I now give it away to friends. The illustrations are impressive and the messages are fantastic.
This book finds beautiful words to encourage people to believe in themselves. The enchanting images touch and make you dream. A beautiful book for children, themselves and as a gift.
Such a beautiful book. As an adult, you think, and I would read it to every child.
A wonderful book with a wonderful message in which I too as an adult could recognize myself.
Very pretty and special pictures. Beautiful text. We are thrilled.
A beautiful, easy-to-understand book about possibilities. It encourages children to think about their own abilities.
Fantastic book, great plot, strengthens all readers, wonderful atmospheric pictures!
So beautiful. The pictures, the friendly texts. Love and understanding flows from every line!
Beautiful and a really great book for kids. Great pictures, well-chosen words.
This is my new favorite book! It is so lovingly designed and written and conveys an incredibly important and beautiful message. Due to the presentation it is not only suitable for children, I have already given it to girlfriends and they loved it just as much! Absolute recommendation.
The book is beautiful and warms the heart. A wonderful book to give away!
Great book that encourages and shows things. Something very special.
Simply beautiful, motivating, wonderful images according to the text. Ingenious in its one-off.
A story not just for children. Moved me to tears. Beautifully illustrated and strengthens faith in itself. A motivationbook even for adults never to doubt his dreams.
This book is beautifully designed and I found the text very touching. The illustrations by Gabriella Barouch are so loving and beautiful, I am thrilled.
A really beautiful book! Also fantastically illustrated!
I had tears in my eyes, such a beautiful book!!!
Just great.. The first children's book that really convinces me. Incredibly beautiful. I will buy the others all.
A great book with a beautiful story and loving drawings. Not just for children a really beautiful and encouraging story.
Beautiful book . Beautiful pictures, great sayings
A wonderful story that hits the heart! A recommendation as a Christmas present, simply beautiful.
Beautiful!!! Unique!!! I am excited!!!
An enchanting book, not just for children. It is also suitable for adults. Very nice illustrations.
A beautifully designed book with a great message. Also great as a gift.
One of the most hearty children's books ever!
Beautiful book! I had to pinch myself while reading! Great children's book and for adults
A very appealing book. Very beautiful and loving pictures. The book has a pleasant effect and messages on the reader. Also very suitable for use in working with young people.
A really nice book for adolescent children or adults. Can help to believe in oneself, good for confirmation, school changes or in difficult situations in life.
It's great for the kids.
Very nice book that conveys a great message with wonderful artistic and at the same time close to nature illustrations as well as a little text. Beautiful gift for example for the birth of a child!
I can only join the recessions! A wonderful book with an important message. We love it
A very nice and great book for children. Incredibly beautiful drawings and of course a great text to think about. We think the book is great and can recommend it.
This book is already my new book of hearts: touching the texts, enchanting the pictures. I'm just thrilled.
The book is very beautifully written and emotionally touching. I have it for my 14-year-old daughter, who is carrying a very heavy packet due to family circumstances and her puberty.
Beautiful book.
The most beautiful book I've had in my hand for a long time. Dreamlike beautiful pictures to a courageous story.
Fantastic drawings, touching words that children and adults should read every day!
A magical story. Wonderful to get away with in dreams... Wonderful and lovingly designed pictures. Have gifted half my family with it...
A very educationally valuable and sensitive book with beautiful and artistically designed images.
Beautiful book! Very lovingly designed and a very nice message!
A truly incredibly beautiful book!
The book is sooo beautifully illustrated, it invites you to dream.
Great illustrations, great values that are conveyed!! Touched everyone who read it.
It is a beautiful book with a positive outlook on the future and not just a gift for children.
Great book, the illustration for kneeling down. The purpose of the book is simply fantastic.
Such a wonderful book. I had tears in my eyes while reading. It is still difficult for young children to understand the message, and a few explanations are needed. I would even give the book to adults.
A fantastic and highly recommended book. Must be sure to have!!
I thought the book was great! I couldn't stop reading! Due to the consistently wonderful writing style, a latent feeling of inner restlessness gradually arose for me, almost smirky. Unique! I love something like that, not everyone can. The story gives to think and has everything in abundance, was a good book needed. It's - by the way - also much better than the film. There's a lot of work behind it, a big compliment to the authors! A bestseller for me!!
Very intensive description of a not distant future. The first excesses of this mania are already visible everywhere. It can be assumed that the probable image of a society has been drawn here, that it is so undesirable.
This novel should be mandatory reading for all those who want to reveal all their personal data to Google and Co. We just want to simplify and protect life - and take away all freedom. Is security worth giving up freedom?
The book is hard to put away. And the content should interest us all. What direction do society, economy, political affairs, etc.take?? Very worth reading.
You must have read this novel. It is frightening how many aspects of the scenario it paints are to be found in reality. Many things are only thought about after reading this novel. Good is the writing style. One is taken into the world of the protagonist. The book captivates, at no point is it long-winded. The end and the twists are unpredictable.
A truly captivating and exciting book, which shows terrifyingly where and digitalization will probably bring at some point. Very well written and almost certainly packed a whole piece of truth inside.
A great book for all those who want to get a feel for what can be possible with the increasingly digitized World 4.0. The dialogue and the reasoning for and against the glass man is interestingly integrated into an exciting story.
The book is so exciting and so close to our time that it is frightening and you can hardly get away. In the meantime, I have given the book away several times and received only positive feedback.
Absolute classic in the genre of science fiction. A MustHave, so to speak. Cheap book, lightning fast shipping!
I'm still totally excited about this book. The plot describes the problems of today, the dependence on all sorts of tools. The novel is highly recommended for assessing life and freedom.
A very good book with a lot of potential to think about privacy, privacy and how we can be influenced by the public media.
Should be read absolutely.
A wonderful book, I think! From start to finish exciting, frightening, sadly almost realistic! Recommended for all those whose Internet consumption is immense and also for everyone else!
Very exciting and captivating book, precisely because it is so realistic. Anyone who thinks of Apple, Facebook and Google will notice that part is already a reality.
The book is always exciting to the end. Beautiful development from start to finish. This makes it very pleasant to read.
This book is clever, exciting and really a bestseller. I wish the Circle many, many readers!
Very good condition. Super fast delivery. All the best!!
I thought the story was really great. I really like the author's writing style. Now eagerly await new reading material
Hello Sarah, your book was really a bang again. I started reading it and swoops it was read through at night. As always everything belongs where it belongs.... Thanks for an exciting laaaaange evening /night
A slightly different love story, with many ups and downs, as well as the strong bond of the 3 women's clique, who are there for each other, no matter what partner (rich or royal) it is.
a fantastic book and a great series... I'm back and forth.. as with all books from your
It was, as always, a great book, I hope there is another sequel. I love Sarah's books
An entertaining romance novel, which I read again by this author in one go! I'm looking forward to the next novel!
Easy food to read in between. Super suitable to sit outside in the sun and search or sit comfortably on the sofa.
The book looks really good, and the Carroux translation is really much better. It's just more fun to read. All in one I think it's worth the gel.
Absolutely ingenious masterpiece. The book has a very good quality. Especially the maps of Middle-earth and Mordor are a real eye-catcher. It is also the right translation and it was really fun to read. Purchase recommendation!
Very good audiobook and very good implementation. With additional information material in the booklet.
The masterpiece of fantasy literature probably needs no further imagination. I love the world of Middle-earth.
An absolute must have for all reading enthusiasts. From start to finish a reading pleasure and you quickly realize that you simply can't compare the movie with it, because many many components simply can't be filmed.
The book is very well written, especially since in my opinion it translates lengths better than other books. Clear purchase recommendation on my part.
An incredibly complex narrative, clearly that the films couldn't fully reproduce all of this. Tolkien has created a real masterpiece.
I think the language has been wonderfully successful. I haven't read the English original, but the slightly ancient language fits perfectly and conveys the atmosphere of the story incredibly well.
Have given the book away ! My husband was happy about everything! The book is in a very nice cover! High quality! And beautiful and clear printed ! The joy was very great
Fully good and fast there! Very satisfied, by the fast away and also everything arrived undamaged. Really very good !
A great book in good, used version! A must for every fantasy fan who wants to make his own pictures of this masterful work!!!
Simply fantastic.
Great gift, for all Lord of the Rings fans!
Super beautiful workmanship noble material, pleasant thin pages on coated paper and the translation by Margaret Carroux. What more do you want?
Who doesn't know him... ? The gigantic epic by J. R. R. Tolkien?!?!?! In the best edition of Klett-Cotta and a reasonable translation into German! Recommended!
A very well written and exciting book that can entertain you for a good six months. Tolkien has really put his total genius on paper. The translation also reflects the feeling of history. I am very satisfied!
I think the books are really good, I'm a fan of so'n little Tolkien. That's why I have five stars!!!
When I didn't know better, I bought the trilogy in a modern translation - and was deeply disappointed. Now I have the old translation of Margaret Carroux - and already the reading is a lot of fun.
Exciting and not even boring. Many terms were confusing at first and needed getting used to. But you just couldn't stop reading.
If a book deserves fifth stars, it's this one. And not because of the outstanding history. At least not only. This book is a piece of art. Beautifully bound and lovingly processed. For fans of the Lord of the Rings series a must. Not to be compared with the paperback versions. In terms of content, I can only agree with the previous speakers that the Carroux Versio is simply the hammer. The appendices are also more than interesting and provide a lot of insightful information to anyone interested in Middle-earth and its inhabitants. I would give more than five stars if possible.
For me, it's one of the best books I've ever read. The scope may be frightening at first, but the story has an aura that immediately captivates you. Once started, you feel trapped and taken on a journey that is immediately wonderful, magically full of friendship but also dangerous!
Actually, you don't need to say much about this book. It is unique and wonderful. This "older" version is, in my opinion, much better than the reissued version. I definitely recommend it !!!
There is not much to say about Lord of the Rings. EInfach a classic. This issue is very much to be appreciated. Have fun with it.
For me the best translation. I really like this flowery, somewhat twisted language and fits perfectly with the content... and off to Middle-earth.
I am very enthusiastic about the audiobook. It is very nicely read, so that one dives directly into the story and "experiences" it. Delivery was punctual and undamaged.
Very nice audiobook. I read the book years ago and was looking forward to it. I think it's really good that the voice actress of Bella's reads it.
what can I say as a twilight fan just a must also read the books. much better and more detailed than the films
I read the book on the basis of a recommendation, which I have no regrets at all!! It reads very quickly and is very exciting! I can only recommend it!!!
Fast delivery and everything great... Seller is recommended... Thank you.
Super to read. Simply exciting!
Very good implementation by Joaquin Phoenix. In my opinion, it is the first Joker role where the personality is presented completely analytically. Why did Joker become the man he is. How does a normal person become a brutal unpredictable psychopath?
I always thought it was a pity that you have never filmed a Verison of the Joker, which corresponds to 100% of the comic joker because I always liked the Joker of the comics best. After seeing the Joker in the cinema, I can no longer take the comic version of the Joker seriously. The film is a masterpiece and you can see here the best version of the Joker ever.
I was kind of speechless.... Masterpiece and for me film of the year !!!
A terrific film with an outstanding leading actor, who was justifiably rewarded with an Oscar!! Absolutely recommended, especially on a psychological level, the film totally takes the viewer with it. Scandalous, sometimes brutal but nevertheless an insanely good depiction of arthur Fleck's transformation into the "Joker".
That's the way DC should go, away from the Marvel movies in which a tongue-in-cheek laugh follows the next. Bring more movies that appeal to adults and challenge actors like Joaquin Phoenix. We ü 50s have also grown up with the comics, there are certainly enough who have grown out of the teeny age and can make friends with some deeper movies. Definitely continue like this !
Phoenix was right to win the Oscar. Rarely seen such a good acting performance. You go on a bizarre spiritual journey that ends up in the Batman universe. You take away Phoenix's emotional torment at all times - you feel pity, you feel disgust. Just a great movie!!
It's not a horror, or horror or anything fictional, it's from real life. From the here and now. You feel, provided you can empide, with the protagonist in every scene. He plays so well that you just want to applaud him in the end. Simply grandiose! Thank you Joaquin Phoenix!
Absolute total work of art! Phoenix now on a level with Daniel Day Lewis. Some questions remain:" Is the Joker good bleak evil? Is Batman the protector of the spies and the rich? Is the Joker of the Robin Hood of the modern era?" Questions about questions, the film is phenomenal anyway. 5 stars
This film is looking for its same. This film is one of the few in the comic universe that grabs you and captivates you even though you know exactly what the end result will be. It is particularly refreshing that this masterpiece does not want to sell an agenda gender, feminism, etc. The Joker character is the focus and especially through the unspoken, the emotions the film reaches a depth that characterizes the career of the Joker.
I thought the film was very well done. Above all, I found it interesting to see how the Joker became a joker. Why he is like that and above all what circumstances people and the Joker live. It's also interesting how things turn and turn. But above all, how it comes to his psyche. He always tries to make the world laugh with a smile, but the world treats him like dirt. Great and well done.
A great interpretation of how it came to the DC Super Villain Joker. The film takes away all the freedoms of the world and ignores all comic requirements on the subject of jokers. This makes him a stand-alone work and can therefore be viewed by anyone who is on dramatic psychological thrillers. You don't have to be a comic or superhero fan for you to like the movie.
Arrived on time and also goes to my older DVD player. Film itself is great. Can be watched in several languages and quali is also top. But for those who haven't seen it yet. You should watch the film completely and preferably a 2 or 3 times. He is difficult to understand from the plot at the beginning. Oh yes price performance super
Brilliantplayed played magnificent in every way! Everything that has been said about this film is right and even more, grabs you in the innermost and takes you full when you get involved every now and then you want to look away , an example for any of the actors Joaquin Phoenix wants to be outstanding for me in the film history,similar to Heath Ledger in the role of Joker simply Brilliant . Worth seeing Worth seeing Worth seeing .5 stars for this movie.
An awkwardly great film. There is no reticence here. You don't know if you should feel sorry for the Joker or whether you should despise your bosha-fris. No one else could have played him better. The Oscar for this has definitely been deserved. I've got my hair on several occasions in the film
I saw the film in the cinema in English. Now I have watched the film again in German and am still totally thrilled. The film is just so awesome - super showman and extremely well done. The plot is brilliant. I'm just thrilled.
Joaquin Phoenix just plays the role insanely well. The Joker is just so incredibly crassly portrayed by him, unbelievable. He was right to win the Oscar. The film music is also great.
I had no expectations of the film at all. Was positively carried along. Wow what a movie. For me, it goes deep into the psyche, all in tune to the end. Mega highly recommended. Even for people who have nothing to do with DC or Batman.
Now I can understand why people are dancing down the stairs and filming themselves. One of the coolest movie scenes of recent years. There is nothing to say about the film itself that has not already been said. Perfect!
Very good film, some scenes are surprising. The development of the character is very interesting and the show-spileric performance is very good. It is a possible variant of the creation of the Joker.
I've seen the film in the cinema before, I've been a Joker fan before, now I'm even more. A great mix of black humour and seriousness that makes you think.
Very good film! And worth every penny. I saw him in the cinema and just had to look at it again.
Top movie. Super representation and very interesting to see the Joker from this page. At first I found it a bit slow but in the whole a great movie.
Honestly, all the super and mega hero movies had just gurgled. The Joker is just right. Well done from start to finish.
A really good movie. One of the best I've ever seen. The story is profound and the actor played it magnificently.
I found the film lonely tip. Lots of drama and depth. The people who found him bad did not understand it, or hoped for an action cracker.
This film surprises, because it tells the prehistory of Batman. The depth of character with which Joaquin Phoenix shows the Joker is simply impressive and oppressive.
Good movie. Deep but damn crass. I absolutely can't understand people with 1-star ratings. Don't rate a movie you can't grab because it seems too twisted and disgusting to you. That's why my values are: 5 stars. The acting performance is the hammer! Not many would have been able to do that.
I imagined the movie a little differently but I must say he was very good his story of actors joker absolutely top played.
The Joker. Highly praised. Oscar for leading actor. In the end, you know why. Joaquin Phoenix is the Joker, lives it. A great film!
Super history ! Those who expect the full action here may be disappointed. This, however, is found in the spectacle of J.P. world class !
Class movie. What bothers me is that DC always invents a new story and is not based on past films.
The movie is very good!! excellent from A To Z Top direction Top Played by all !!! I highly recommend this movie !
One of the few movies that still has a good story. Was nice to look at, I'm sure I'll look at him again soon.
This film was already my absolute highlight in the cinema last year. The performance of Joaquin Phoenix is rousing, sometimes disturbing and gives us a glimpse into the deep abysses of the human soul. Just worth seeing!
Great movie... For DC fans really a must.. Look forward to more Dc movies if they are made in such a quality
Very good film that does not fit into the typical "comic" genre. The acting performance is magnificent and definitely worth seeing. One of the best films of the past years, since no uniform porridge.
The advertising for Joker sits not promising too much. Exciting from the beginning to the bizarre end. That's how movies have to be.
Delivery as always top to the movie from the story good best joker of all time might have only tolerated a little more action.
For me the most realistic joker ever, so it is even more exciting for me. Joaquin Phoenix is the best joker and I hope for a sequel.
Mega good film that should make the world think. Actually, the film is already frighteningly realistic.
No better performer could have slipped into this role, a terrific masterpiece for fans of this genre
Another kind of movie, but honestly, very interesting, it's worth seeing. That is all I want to say. Have fun with it.
The goods were delivered quickly. Price performance is very good, just like that the description fits the product.
Very realistic film. Even if you're not a Batman movie fan, it's recommended.
Phoenix has rightly won the Oscar for his portrayal of the Joker!!!
Super implemented. The second part is also great. One may be annoyed that one or the other scene in the book was longer executed. I don't get annoyed and find the scenes complemented by their surroundings perfet. The "makers" of the film have shown here everything that needs to be explained in detail in the book. For the second time, I was overwhelmed by how beautiful a movie can be.
Very profound on the subject of friendship and loyalty. But children from the age of 12 should really see it. It deviates from the other previous parts and goes into another adventure about which should be watched with an adult to have the opportunity to explain certain actions or talk about them. The three experience various deep feelings that spread due to the situation, to experience very great how the individual characters play this and convince. Recommend everyone to look at the parts from the beginning to understand the whole.
A really exciting and really very well made film which, like the book, is really exciting and funny. Look at it and you will recommend it
You just have to love Harry Potter movies. Although smaller in scope than the books, but still absolutely worth seeing and real highlight films.
A nice appetizer for the final part. The arc of tension was well maintained and continued.
Exciting film, in which English and German with subtitles available. Purchase via the app went super fast and uncomplicated, so the spontaneous movie evening was saved!!
Is a good movie I had ordered only one part because I had missed it on TV.
All the best - we are completely satisfied!
Harry potter must have seen everyone.
I really like the whole movie series
All super any time again.
Can recommend the product.
Finally, the best films from the entire series.
The movies are just a must, we love them!
Best, Happy again.
I'm completely satisfied! Have nothing to worry about! And highly recommend it with a clear conscience
Part 1 I liked very much. Captivating story.
I started reading the books and watching the movies as a teenager and was always thrilled with what was brought to the screen. My DVD collection is complete.
The first part of the 7th year starts excitingly and continues just as well. My tip: Just look when the second part is nearby, because whoever starts wants to know how to proceed.
This DVD has been given away. Joy was great, you can ALWAYS look at it. Fast delivery, very satisfied, everything was right. Thank you
Super film you can always watch in English to expand your knowledge.
Absolutely great, hammer design, and lots of extras you didn't know. Extremely good quality, and also very nice, is the mini book with the individual characters. A must for every Harry Potter fan.
Super exciting film. The whole series has been successful.
The entire Harry Potter series is very worth reading, albeit occasionally a little brutal. Not for young children, but their money value.
I don't think there's more to it than that Harry Potter is now one of the classics, I just love to immerse myself in the world of magic.
This movie got my daughter for birthday gift because she has the books !! She was very happy !!
Everyone who knows Harry Potter knows the lead actor Daniel Radcliffe plays Toll and it's always exciting. I can only recommend.
One of the best Harry Potter movies. A must for every fantasy fan!
This film in its two-part division is a worthy departure from the whole Harry Potter story. The film is as usual good: action-packed, emotional and just as well held on to the book where it is necessary.
My daughter was thrilled. The film is exciting and great made. Just Harry Potter. You have to look again. Top
Very successful and detailed and much more book-like than the previous parts. By splitting into two films, the inclined Harry Potter reader hardly misses any scenes.
How can you manage to get all the events of the last part into just one film, either complete overlength or omission, both stupid, so, now I want to see it again!
To have the series complete, you just have to have the DVD. The film, like some of them before, does not adhere to the book quite consistently, but this is not quite easy either. That's why the film is still good.
The film has been very well received as a gift and now completes the entire Herry Potter series. It's just right for Harry Potter fans.
What should I write for a review, own all Harry Potter DVD's. I wouldn't have bought this last part if I wasn't absolutely thrilled!!!
The film is very nice I can only recommend it further and I do this also in the acquaintance and family as well as circle of friends. Thumbs up.
Beautiful movie, fun to watch and as a Harry Potter fan a must. Good sound and good sound effects. I've seen him in the cinema, but still nice for home.
Watch the Harry Potter movies all over again and again. It is also worth investing the few euros and buying the film directly!
I personally like fantasy and that's why these movies are a must, so whoever likes fantasy should watch this movie series.
I found the strip super horny. From a film point of view, the naval battle scenes are really well done. I had the impression in places that I was in the middle of it. That's how I like movies. The film is not very well cast in acting terms, but the characters still came across absolutely convincingly. Super.
Yes Hollywood on a historical basis. But you can look at her. Who of course expects a documentation about the events here is definitely wrong. If you just want to see a movie with a movie hero alla Hollywood, here's a good idea!
Great battle paintings in colorful colors make one of the bloodiest carnage of World War II an entertaining sensation. Very elaborate, very expensive, with top actors in the roles. One of the better works of this master director.
SUPER fight scenes. Absolutely truthful, exactly as it really happened. PERFECT computer animations, just SPITZENKLASSE !!! RESPECT to the director and the entire film team. My absolute purchase recommendation and my new favorite movie !!!
People, who hasn't seen The Film by Roland Emmerich, well, he's missed something. I am not a war supporter, but what is shown is German film art. Midway and the Pacific is a historical and sad truth.
What a carnage. Extreme ammunition fireworks. US cinema stop. Good stripe. Whether this has actually happened in exactly the same way, let's face it. Great Entertaining Cinema
Roland Emmerich. That is all that should be said. Camera guide, caric, all known. The best of the best! But also very American. Nevertheless, both sides presented respectfully. A mus for history connoisseurs.
A film worth seeing with a lot of action, emotions and fates, which can be found for me in the front row of war movies. For fan's such movies must.
The film follows pearl harbor and then shows this both from a US point of view and from a Japanese point of view (in original language with subtitles).
This is a long film, but it doesn't get boring, as not overdone, the good thing is that it would be filmed after a true story, so it comes across very real.
The remake of the classic film "The Battle of Midway" in combination with the classic "Tora,Tora,Tora" has really succeeded. a film worth seeing and entertaining
Class Film on historical theme. Should there be any interest in the WWII be absolutely look at. Co-fever on the crash flights guaranteed. No exaggerated heroes, but a lot of heroic death. Good entertainment and a lot of war guaranteed
Very well made war film that convinced me without many female romances. Technically perfect for me and also exciting.
Very nice film, also shows a little the background how this battle came about.
Film takes me with me, story!
Must really say a phenomenal film to the end gripping and rousing. I can only recommend it.
Whoever is on war movies with great effects should watch it, plot goes like this
The film tells the behavior from both sides very well. Clear recommendation.
All very well. Prompt delivery of great movie. Cheap price. Thank you very much.
Know the old movie... and now also the new one. Find both very well ....
First-class story from the Second World War! Highly recommended!
Roland Emmerich takes something in his hand, it can only be great.
A great film by Roland Emmerich. Exciting to the end.
The exciting story of the Battle of Midway on DVD! Not only for fans of the story something!
The film shows how it really was. and once again the war are so useless. It's definitely worth looking at.
Real cinematic feeling great staged. Attention! Only for genre fans.
The film ingess were depicted with good scenes and pictures and built up the story well. In general, the playing of the film was quite easy for me. Prima, wanted to see the film in the cinema
Good film from start to finish no boredom
Whoever stands on this genre gets a movie with nice effects with an entertaining cinema experience. I like it very much, so thumbs up. Delivery and shipping speed also top
Excitingly told, with a historical background.
Was so excited about this film. Back and forth. I can only recommend.
An absolutely successful film. Recommended
Very well done war/action film, in my opinion based on Pearl Harbor. Highly recommended.
One of the genres of my favorite movies
Hammer movie... a must for every aviator friend...
A great movie just to recommend exciting
Very action-packed film a little similar to Pearl harbor. But I liked him better.
If you're on war movies, you're in the right place for this movie. For me, one of the best war films of recent years.
Strong stripe! I am so grateful to J.J. for this EPIC finale!
I felt very well entertained by the film. For me, the best part of the last block of three. At last, all questions are being resolved. There are some logical gaps, but that doesn't bother me. After all, I do not want to be entertained and not carry out a logic analysis. I love the scenes with Rey and Kylo Ren '3 it's a very interesting connection and also way of filming. I highly recommend the film.
A fast-paced and entertaining popcorn blockbuster that masters the thankful task of bringing a 9-part saga to a meaningful conclusion with surprisingly confident. The effects deserve special praise, the UHD also offers a flawless image with convincing HDR.
The film is exciting and action-packed to the end. Many young unused faces deliver good acting performances and the "old characters" retire with one last wink.
I was out of the cinema with my wife at the time and we were both just thrilled. This has not changed since then. Of course, there are some unexplained things here and there. I think they've been in every episode so far. It also made a lot of sense after the part. The connection with the parts 1-3 was also great. The music, the effects and the image could not be surpassed. Clear recommendation.
Apart from the fact that the last three parts are actually superfluous, blah, blah, blah ... I think it's good and entertaining and that's what a film (including SW) is all about. Good entertainment and that's what you have here. May the Force be with you - always! :-)
This is a great movie a great end to this trilogy as I think and I really wonder why this movie got so much negative review.
For someone who has watched all the films with years to go and has all the episodes in his memory, the film is a good conclusion. Above all, it is finally a conclusion. I also liked the episode, it was very exciting.
I think this was the best part of the last trilogy of Star Wars. I can only warmly recommend.
I thought the film was a good end to the saga. And yet a back door remains open (perhaps?), who knows. In any case, I liked the film and I found it to be consistent with all the new and older predecessors.
Find the part the best of the Disney trilogy and a successful conclusion for all Star Wars parts overall. I don't quite understand this glorification of the old parts anyway, they also had their weaknesses and were not stunning by the bank. So thumbs up ;)
A top unset of the recurring history of the 70 years. But that is not a disadvantage. Like the two predecessors, I think the part is great. There is enough chuckling in the parts anyway.
If you only search long enough, you will find a hair in every soup. But this movie is really great. An absolutely successful finale of the Skywalker saga. Great actors, exciting story and outstanding special effects make the fan heart beat faster.
A really good movie. For me besides the "old" war of the stars with one of the best. The Steelbox is beautifully structured and offers a lot of additional content.
Yes, this is a great movie. Excitingly interesting, funny everything a film needs, even a little difficult to get everything together again, who is/was, but later you understand it quite well.
Good sequel with great movie scenes and great fights. The film seemed very entertaining for us and shows that it is very entertaining.
A fitting conclusion to the Star Wars series, although some things are not entirely comprehensible. So: "May the film be with you".
I had seen all the new movies in the cinema and am very excited about the end of an era. A worthy conclusion for me.
I thought it was great, an honorable ending for everyone involved.
Was or am totally enthusiastic about the film, everything top and I will definitely watch the movie several times.
Super exciting finish. I liked it. Rather in the tradition of the first Star Wars trilogy. Can I only recommend
Had already seen the film in the cinema and found the film very good. Better than his two predecessors from the saga
It is the best of all previous Star Wars movies, from the first to the last second Hollywood 5 star cinema.
Personally, I liked the film! It's just a pity that certain go! Look in just again
Great movie. Fascinated me as much as the others in the series. From start to finish. 1++++
What else can we say about this? A successful finale for the new trilogy of the Starwars_Reihe.
That was a gift, the one who wanted it and the reaction was: Very satisfied
More delivered than stated at the time of purchase and then also become even cheaper, so it could always run.
A really successful film, very well implemented. A worthy finale. Exciting &gripping and a reunion with many old acquaintances from the first trilogy. Of the six most recent Star Wars films, this is likely to be the best.
We love this movie, as do Part 1. You can't compare the two. Part 1 Anna and Elsa were still children in part 2 they have grown up. The film music has become very beautiful again. A clear recommendation from us.
Many thanks to Storryschreiber, Regiseur and actors , that once again a really good eight-person film from Hollywood was born. I was already afraid that these good times are over. Gerard Buttler, this film has rehabilitated you as far as I am concerned. The whole film is from front to back, as I like it. Don't be persuaded by other spinners. Thank you for this movie time. Simply super!
I think the film is great. If you know what you get and want to be entertained, that fits. Of course, everything is mega-covered, from the TV drips out of the way pathos and really surprisingly nothing comes around the corner. But with Rambo, Die Slow and Co is no different/better. Therefore: who ever likes it will be enthusiastic and who the genre itself is too doofy and/or who suffers from anti-Americanism, should simply pull in Sissi or Immenhof.
If you just want to watch an action movie without attaching importance to a story that is absolutely mature in terms of content, this is the right place. The usual story - the fight good against evil, spiced with American patriotism. Anyone who knows the other parts of the series knows what to expect.
Many well-made effects, offers entertainment for a TV evening.
If you want to see a well-made action movie again, this is the right place.
It is often the case that the film series sometimes become weaker and weaker. You don't have the feeling here. The action scenes are on, from the "has fall" series usual high level and you get back right again, regardless of losses
Exciting sequel... a nice third part, even if at the beginning it was clear who the "bad guys" are... so the film was again full of action and excitement. Gerald Butler is created for the role as always and shows again from his best side - once a fighter - always a fighter
Super action movie nothing else expects good acting performance is predictable as with the other parts but who likes Gerald Butler doesn't get past me he liked from me full recommendation who stands on action and doesn't expect profound drama. Entertaining pop-grain cinema.
Incredibly good sequel. I was a little scared of this part after the first movies of the series he could be boring and unimaginative. But I was taught a better one and give the movie 5 stars for the story, excitement and special effects
Super we liked the movies are also done well with the old better new story
A typical Rambo strip, mixed with sometimes brutal and emotionally charged scenes. Classic showdown, albeit with great exaggeration. Admirable the age of the main actor. Justified the release from 18. But a good and exciting ending (albeit a little sad) of this film series.
Rambo last blood is a successful film, not profound, but unfortunately it comes very close to reality. The film begins quietly and ends in carnage without mercy or compassion. Unfortunately, it all goes way too fast, but is really well done for a Rambo movie.
All Rambo fans should be watching. The film is like a hurricane from the old Rambo times. Every campaign fan is guaranteed to get their money's worth here. Five stars loosely earned.
Was skeptical at first, because the cinema reviews were really not so top. But far from it. The film is exciting, action-packed and the actors do a great job. If you have a really Old Scool action movie, you should definitely watch the movie. Clear recommendation!!!!!
As an old Rambo fan I bought the movie in 4k, wow Sly is already a good age but he still delivers 1A work on set. Class film that no longer plays on battlefields and this time takes on the drug mafia. A worthy film that fits well into the Rambo series from me all thumbs up I would definitely buy the movie again.
I haven't seen the film in the cinema, which I deeply regret !!! All the more I was looking forward to seeing him at last on "Blu Ray"!
The film flashed me from start to finish ! And that's not an exaggeration... A successful emotional story and action. I'm also a big "Rambo Sylvester Stallone" fan and I think that's one of the best. 3 A worthy conclusion to a great Rambo series ! Thank you very much . . . . . . . . . .
I liked the film, and honestly the FSK classification goes clear. it already contains crass scenes that are not suitable for children and adolescents. I like the film. he has a story, it doesn't get boring and he's a successful conclusion to the Rambo series. So if you are looking for action, you will find it here and therefore a clear purchase and recommendation from me.
The film is great, it has anger and pain and is a must for every Rambo fan. I can only recommend the film.
I think it's one of the best Rambo parts. One must not start from an intellectual film to think. Turn off your brain and enjoy it. Stallone at his best at the age
Absolutely top! Once again a real Rambo movie as you imagine it! In this uncut version you can see everything and that's how it belongs. A revenge-driven Rambo cleans up. Very worth seeing!
I must say this film is exciting from start to finish and since the other Rambo parts do not know or only half saw or not I found this film here just Hammer
is the best Rambo I've ever seen of all sharing
Very surprising action and the conclusion. It's worth watching.
A certainly old Stallone, but still worth seeing the new Rambo! I liked the film, i've been able to get it right! I would recommend this film !!! Super movie, mega horny. It is very exciting and interesting.
A good song on John Rambo. Did you like it, if you have looked through the first half of the film, John Rambo actually comes crawling out of the aging shell of his actor and lets it crash properly... was not boring, you can make!
Is cool unfortunately not too long but it is worth it
Arrived today, immediately viewed. "Rambo" ? You're awesome!! Have grown older like all of us, but with bite, like us! I'm looking forward to No.6, whatever it looks like. You don't want to leave the others to their fate??? Give you the trade, we're there!
Very good exciting film. Stallone as you know him..
Very exciting but also sad is definitely worth it
I am more than satisfied with the items they bought all my expectations have been more than exceeded but what more can I say about it besides buying the item yourself and writing your own review
Significantly more violent than the first parts.... but really well done! The story is different.... so overall great movie with a visibly aged Sylvester Stalone
Funny, bubbly, entertaining... Partly original comments give the FIlm the right spice. If I had expected a climactic Hollywood strip, it surprised me with much more depth than usual with such films. Conclusion: Best entertainment with a great cast and a beautifully told story about relationships or sex in old age.
So much natural humanity shows how you can glide with fun and joy even with 50+ in old age. The film encourages you to break new ground even with 50+ and not to fall into everyday life...... Is one of the best movies in recent years.
A great movie with very charming older actresses. In any case, we will look at him again.
Great film with awesome high-profile actors. For a long time I haven't smiled as much or had a grin on my face as the 4 ladies deal with dates and sex.
I liked it, although the plot slaps a little bit in front of it, but this is made up by the super actresses, simple entertainment with a lot of humor, ideal for an evening at home, in front of all, if you like the actresses
A wonderful film about the fact that you can have fun even in old age. With a lot of humour and slapstick, even more serious topics are made digestible. A beautiful film for a relaxing evening alone or with friend."
Great actors in a similar movie. Charming, witty and with depth. There's a lot to laugh about and just as much to think about and think about. I felt wonderfully entertained. Worth more than just "one" recommendation!
The plot is not profound and also completely unrealistic, but the film is very funny, the dialogues partly suggestive and wonderfully ambiguous. Just seeing the four old girls together, the marrots, insecurities and embarrassments of their characters sometimes driven to the absurd - really successful entertainment!
Super cast. Have fun. Not too much "American" humor/Klamauk. I watched the movie with a few girls and everyone liked the movie. Similar to the older films, for example with Jack Nicolson.
A really quite magical film for a cozy evening or a rainy afternoon. We stumbled upon it without recommendation and found it right, really good.
The film was recommended to me by a friend and I am very grateful to her! I couldn't get out of the laughter! Top movie!!!
An entertaining film with successful dialogues - the very good synchronous translations have made a significant contribution to this.
A very funny movie that I really only recommend then. I don't even stand on comedies but this film is worth its money
My wife watched this film and was so impressed. She laughed and smiled a lot. Great actors, great entertainment!
A film about older women who, despite everything, are positive in life and who are also open to new paths. Very good film.
Charm, wit and so funny. Acting feat of the mature ladies. For a long time a super great movie with a boring title didn't want to buy it at first.
Funny, touching, enigmatic, surprising. And it's always about the most important thing: the great love!
An absolutely great film. I laughed so much, my favorite actresses in a movie. Terrific. Recommended. Something for more mature women.
Already seen in the cinema and now also on Amazon Prime. Entertaining, funny and romantic. Perfect for an evening for two.
It's a wonderful funny movie, with four fantastic actresses. I can only recommend the film, I find it very successful and entertaining.
I had already seen the film in the cinema, I liked it so much that I bought it as a Blu-ray.
Totally funny comedy about older women. I laughed a lot. But it is also a film that contains a lot of truth.
Very amusing! If you like the actors in the film and are on love stories, you've come to the right place. A must for any more mature and lively woman!!!
Great movie with great actors inside. Theme is not new, but well done. I laughed and had a good conversation.
One of the best movies I've seen in recent times. Grandiose actors and witty plot that makes you think
Super amusing, even my husband had to laugh, that would mean something.
Very good movie with great actors. Can you really recommend and there is also a lot to laugh about.
Great and very inspiring film... Outstanding Actresses and Actresses. Worth seeing.. Always happy.
Was really eager to see the in the cinema as the character came over so cool and unique in the trailer. And it was also really good from start to finish a great successful movie. The last half hour is perfectly staged for fans of masterful science fiction and effects. The whole movie has a good story and atmosphere to offer throughout. Have seen him again now on Bluray and just find him Hammer .
A treat for Marvel fans. The Alien, the Cat/ Flerken is clearly the second leading actor and Samuel L. J. Schnurrifan and not yet blind in one eye. As the story progresses, the film is bombastically action-packed and funny. The lead actress shows all her possibilities in the finale and pulverizes everything - that's how Marvel has to be.
I've been a Marvel fan since I was a kid and grew up with it, so the movies are childhood dreams that come true. To date, there hasn't been a Marvel movie that hasn't liked it. Captain Marvel is no exception. Super lead actress, a lot of humour through Fury (finally we learn why he wears his eye patch) and Goose. Can only recommend the movie to any Marvel fan and am addicted to more.
Didn't have great expectations for the film, but found it really great. Funny and cleverly made and a heroine who really is a role model for girls. She was already a pilot before she became a superhero ;) ... and otherwise she is a strong personality. And as I said, the film was funny, exciting and clever. :) complete recommendation
Wanted to watch the film in the cinema, but did not come to it. Didn't regret buying it. Really a good Marvel movie! For me one of the best.
I do not know why there have been so many negative recessions. We watched the film in several and, as with the previous films, were very satisfied again. We have no regrets about the purchase
I found the film very entertaining and well done, just the way Brie Larson played the character. The cast just pointed ! That was good entertainment
Through this movie you get a new picture on the Marvel universe or grant it some new insights and what's especially great that it fits with the newer avanger parts and merges into each other .just great!
We as Marvel fans have included it in our family library and will continue to watch this movie.
Basically, I only picked up the film to complete the series. My expectations were not very high, the more surprised I was by the film. It's really suitable for a movie night for entertainment. Just a real MARVEL
I like film, unfortunately there are too few action scenes in my opinion. The story is exciting and well-described, even if it was a bit confusing at the time. Overall a successful film that I will definitely watch again.
A super movie explaining an Origin story by Captain Marvel. You learn why the Avengers are called Avengers. And get to know a character who is supposed to play a big role in the endgame. Super entertainment with great plot of good suspense and the right level of wit
The film is very successful at first thought ohje but it has become great, suspense, wit, everything with it... Marvel Movies.
We love Marvel movies and have waited the movie with excitement because we didn't make it to the cinema! He's great and entertaining. Well done and, of course, adds to gaps! Also to look at more often, especially of course on canvas!
One of my favorite movies from the Marvel series! Lots of allusions and Easter-Eggs paired with dry humour - just my thing! As a child of the 90s with a lot - oh yes, right! There were moments back then.
Film I liked sucking. Interesting roles, good actors, great story, with transformations that have it all, collusion action and crazy camera rides. One of the few Marvel movies I could see several times.
Very well staged new and interesting story. Related character. I'm really looking forward to more movies! Especially in best quality UHD 4K and best in Dolby Vision. Technically, it should not be a native UHD from various sources. If you watch the movie like me on an OLED TV there's nothing to complain about. Image quality is excellent.
Have seen the movie already 3 times now - really good. Especially the previous arrogance of the instructor and the stronger Marvel, which only hesitantly approaches and becomes aware of your strength - great!
A beautiful action movie. I love such movies. It doesn't matter if it's a bit too exaggerated. The story is good and the effects are great. I'll probably look at it a few more times.
Product was delivered quickly. Was well packed and will not cause any damage. Ovp and original. The film is a matter of taste. I love Marvel movies and this is one of my favorite movies.
The first Marvel movie with a female actress and it's great as always! Funny, serious and tells a great story, which is linked in the credits.
Class movie with an exciting story arc and one or the other turn. Great action. Nice fan service (keyword Fury). In short: class entertainment.
Everything fits here - breathtaking nature shots and great musical accompaniment create a quiet, almost magical atmosphere. The feeling of being in the midst of these merciless but not unrealistic circumstances triggers great feelings without many words.
In my opinion, this film has everything that makes a classic.
The characters are wonderfully outlined and cast and never seem implausible, flat or irrelevant. The plot is driven effectively and without great effects from the interplay of the characters and scenes without appearing too slow, fast or bumpy. The entire optical work man has been completely successful and lives on great landscapes and the idea that sometimes less [CGI] is more. As well as the wonderfully pointed dialogues, which often say a lot in just a few words.
Just watched the movie and have to say that this strip fits into my All Time Favorites. For me, this film is a masterpiece that lets the emotions go up and down and, despite the riding inserts criticized here, the tension never subsides. Be sure to watch, it's also worth it for non-Western fans!!?
An absolutely flawless film, in which I started out from action (damaged by other Christian Bale movies) but was grabbed by the story within the first few minutes. Exactly that, supported by the acting performance of the (wait for it) actors, has also carried the film absolutely unbroken from front to back. Anyone who tolerates the feeling of one or the other emotion while watching the film is really in good hands here. Runs.
A wonderful masterpiece of film art. And Mr. Bale and fellow actors play terrific. The story is captivating, sad, exciting, thrilling and describes quite well how confused and cruel the conditions were. Anyone who knows about what is happening in "old" America will be taken away. Super depth, feeling and perhaps a small apology to native Americans.
An absolute must for someone who is on mutant movies. Very good cast and interesting plot. Very good film.
I entertained me very well, Robbie and Stephen Amell I also like to watch in your roles and thus pack a great entertainment program into a movie.
Superheroes as a persecuted group. Outcast, disillusioned and exploited. The whole thing packed into a cop thriller. Very good effects and a compassionate storyline. The loan was worth it.
I think the film has done everything he wanted to do and is a great entertainment. Great entertainment from start to finish
The film is something else. He was really good, the loan fee was worth it.
Is an exciting movie with good actors is shot a lot is very well done i am very satisfied.
Super movie, good actors. I think the story is okay in everything. Maybe more intended for a series. But you should watch the film only for recommendation.
So it can be! Well played and very atmospheric without the pompous, pathetic Hollywood kitsch!
I liked the film, had good acting performance and all the emotions that make a film worth seeing.
successful film, first-class actors. Top action
Despite the simple plot, an exciting, entertaining and atmospheric science fiction film succeeds.
I really liked the film, proof that even with "mini" budget something valuable can be created! Absolutely recommended!
Very good and exciting film
This is a very good film for his small budget. Not an overwhelming film, but definitely good enough that I never felt like I could get out of the story or want to keep looking.
The plot is partly anticipating, but the film in its entirety has taken me with me and left me thoughtful.
I really liked the film. Hope for a sequel.
The film is something else. He was really good, is recommended
I saw the musical at the Hamburger-Operettenhaus in the 90s. Find the implementation very successful. Sometimes the songs have been modified a bit. Nevertheless, I find the film recommended for all musical fans!
I can only recommend the DVD. Had seen the film in the cinema and I knew I wanted it on DVD. At the Blue-ray there is still a special about the shooting at and in English the vocals are even better than in the synchronization. So if you're open and don't bother that it's not the musical 1 to 1, you should put the DVD down
In the German synchronisation, the musical is an optical feast for the eyes and an acoustic treat! The costumes are great, all if one or the other German singer could be a little better. This is especially evident in the song Memory.
The music is great, you get used to the faces and the bodies. Jennifer Hudson and Judi Dench are a big plus!
Super made.
I saw the film in the cinema, and Was just thrilled from the first to the last moment. I can't understand the reviews that existed before the film started. I'm looking forward to the upcoming DVD.
Great made film, still awesome music!
I really liked the film. When I was about to do other things during the film, the tank fist was shot down. And I was back at the film. A great masterpiece by Michael Mann. The film wasn't boring and I was feverish. Have you seen Chris Hemsworth's body? The actors are also very good. All in all a super movie. Thank you Michael
After watching the film, I was very surprised by the bad reviews. The actors are top, much is expressed with looks and body language, not protracted monologues that declare everything to death. Unusual and perhaps in need of getting used to is the realistic representation, not implausible fight scenes. Action is logical and also exciting. The hacker scenes are also good. Recommendation.
I really liked the film. Both the subject matter and the film per se. Action and thriller in one. A good movie evening is guaranteed here. Possibly a second time.
A very entertaining film. Chris Hemsworth convinces as a computer genius and at the same time as an action hero. An exciting mix that is fun.
Top movie with cool story, visible from the plot, but still good with good action and small lovestory, was well !!!
Played very well by Chris Hemsworth and a great chase across the earth. Should you definitely look at it.
Lots of action, continuous suspense, great show players. The action scenes are not exaggerated. The story is good. Great scenery. It's definitely worth it.
Very good and typical Michael Mann film in the style of "the loner". Laengen in the film were well-built. I don't understand the bad reviews. Just look.
I'm speechless. Didn't have the slightest expectations, but was positively surprised on all counts. Very worth seeing, unrestrictedly recommended, very exciting and the story is credible and convinced !
A really good movie it was fun to watch the movie!!! Exciting movie with top actors!! Can I only recommend
The film is very exciting and interesting. I would watch the film again and can only make a recommendation here.
Better than expected. Class Efekte and cool sound me really a lot of bums .. Definitely look. It pays off
Interesting and exciting thriller that addresses the vulnerability of the infrastructure by hackers. Not always quite conclusive but unexpectedly well done.
This film perfectly reflects the real dark side of IT and the Internet! Predicate Valuable! First-class cast, super implemented
Great movie exciting and action rich you can recommend super actors super backdrops Cris in one of his glossy rolling action
Unfortunately I had missed the film in the cinema and was already excited. My expectations were not disappointed. The film is really exciting and doesn't let go of the audience until the end.
Class movie class actor class story there's not much to say top! Beautiful evening entertainment for in between top top top
You just have to have seen if you are a fan of action movies. If you want to see the popular actor from Thor in another role, you shouldn't miss this movie. Excitingly designed and so terrifyingly real!
I think it's a really well-made movie. The best thing I think isn't just a story being silly :)
Very good action movie. As with Miami Vice, I like the camera shots very much. I can only recommend the film.
I've seen this film at least 5 times, but you've got to grin more and more. The film is funny and the characters always offer something to laugh about. I don't think there's an age limit for this movie. If you can win something from animated films, it's definitely worth taking a look. But the film lives more from wit than suspense.
A great movie. I read my son the story of Baymax from a book and he really wanted to have the movie after that. So I got this one and he's excited.
The movie is just great. Totally beautifully made, full of love and friendship and hope. He is also sometimes very funny and you can laugh properly. A perfect mix for everyone and a film for young and old! I can only recommend it to everyone.
My daughter loves the movie and the series. The movie is funny a bit sad. And especially exciting. The film is for the whole family. We've seen the film a few times and it's always fun to watch it.
Great movie, great animations and music. Loving figure design, from character to voice and dialects. Popular in all ages. Also treats serious issues, such as loss, understandable to children.
I first saw the film on TV and I liked it immediately. That's why I bought the film (for me and for my grandchildren). The film has a morality and in my opinion is not made for small children!
We discovered the film rather by chance. After we saw him, it was clear to me (and also to the children): We must have it. Rarely seen such a beautiful animated film. Picture, soundtrack, history, i think everything is right... Highly recommended
In our opinion, the best animated film of the last three years. Our little one loves him. And he's really well done. I like to look at him again and again.
I love this movie. Can't see it often enough. I also like the German synchro from Baymax. Just a super nice Disney movie.
Great film for the whole family, no matter what age. Good program for a rainy afternoon.
Great film that is suitable for young and old children. Also very good as a family film.
The film is really great and suitable for the whole family. Recommended!
Film fun to think and laugh for the whole family! Great characters, good story! Absolutely recommended for a nice evening on the sofa!
A great movie, watched several times. very funny and yet goes to the heart.
We laughed a lot for almost the entire duration of the film and had a lot of fun with the two heroes. The characters, especially baymax, of course, are incredibly gracious. We enjoyed the film and we're guaranteed to watch it a few more times.
A robot like everyone would like. I'm not going to spoil. Just great the movie. My kids laughed at each other. They love Baymax. Recommended purchase!!!!!
Once again - I think - great film for old and young.... for big and small! To think and laugh!
Even after the 5th time, Baymax still makes us laugh. Pure family fun. Disney knows how to host a huge spectacle with air and foil and a few autobots. If you like animated films, you can buy them.
Totally beautiful movie. Very entertaining, the robot is a really funny figure. Good entertainment, I'm glad to have bought the movie.
Tastes are different, I liked him!
Simply class of film. I really like it. It's exciting, touching, very important to me with Happy End. I can only recommend.
A really great movie with everything around it. Friendship, family, loss are all themes that are dealt with in this wonderful film. I really can only recommend this film for young and old. The image quality is really good.
Very entertaining Fim. Although he has a few sad moments, we laughed a lot. A film for the whole family. Despite initial skepticism, I was quickly carried away by the film's wit and in-depth. Highly recommended.
Class Movie..... this is cute, funny and also a little sad. But I think it's a children's movie suitable for young and old fans of the animated film.
The Baymax is heartbreaking and funny at the same time. A beautiful, sometimes tragic story about friendship. Just great! For big and not so small anymore. I am deaf and important to see with sub-parts. and I find funny movie and a lot of Mimi move.
Ingenious and entertaining! A musical full of earworms, with very intense moments between the main actors, to take off beautiful and entertaining! Musical first cream! Two hours to dream away! Hollywood at it's best!
A beautiful film for daughters and mums and romantics. Thank you for making such beautiful movies. We had a nice evening.
The film is really great! My wife and I have already looked at him for the 1000th time and are still thrilled. I don't write anything about the plot anymore, because it's enough here.
One of my favorite movies. I love Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling in the roles. A masterpiece - the hype was not without reason...
Entertainment film with good music and great dance performances. Please don't let the slightly long-running opening scene deter you.
What can I say: great movie, but I like the music even more. Beautiful, even for non-romantics like me.
Wonderfully old-fashioned musical with perfect performers, great music, rousing plot; Blue Ray technically flawless
A homage to the great musicals, to Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire. Great music, great choreography. He has earned the 14 Oscar nominations - and so do the Oscars.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone perform at the top of the show. For me, this movie is big cinema.
I just love everything about the movie! Everything is very artistic and dreamy, the cast is super chosen, the songs stay in mind... I could laugh, cry & just let myself be taken to another world :) The Oscars are deserved!
One of my favorite movies! Great cinematic means, beautiful music and just the right actors!
Rightly Oscar winners, great staging and great film!
A super great movie about a beautiful love story, great dance inserts, great movie music. A film you don't forget so quickly.
I like musicals in general. I was sceptical about this film because I also heard bad criticism. But it was absolutely worth it. Especially the look and the implementation of the individual scenes knocked me over. Everything seems so surreal and dreamy and at the same time so real. Simply awesome! A film that grabbed me.
Great musical! The songs just perfectly interpreted and the actors just right for the roles. A film for the whole family.
Is really worth seeing. Whoever is making films in this way will like the film.
After a long time again a great movie, without the whole sch... Trappings. Beautiful plot with memorable music.
The goods were delivered on time and in the promised quality.
Absolutely recommended! Great music!
This movie had everything you want as a Marvel fan..... Spectacular Special Effects, Good Story that entertains, humor, a 3D worthy of reference with great popouts. The German 7.1 sound also makes the home cinema heart beat faster. You only have to make the popcorn..... then the cinema evening can start. Be sure to watch...... and don't let the few bad reviews scare you..... Have fun.
In 3D a great movie in first-class resolution and crisp sound. Various docs round off the purchase. Recommendation for comic book film fans.
I like the film very much. The story is very interesting and entertaining. There are funny scenes in the film without end. The actors are great, and the special effects of the Oberhammer. I think the film is great from start to finish. It is a very successful continuation of the first part. Clear purchase recommendation.
I found this part very entertaining and therefore like to give 5 out of 5 stars. Compared to some other character-related Marvel parts, this one was really nice. The action was right, the joke and the plot was also useful. So can definitely recommend this movie.
Those who liked the first part should also be satisfied with part two. Same acting crew, same level, same humour. Simply a successful sequel, and unfortunately this is not a given in Marvel movies, see e.g. Thor 3 or Guardians 2.
Forget everything you learned in the physics lesson and let yourself be entertained. Great action, laughter, super effects and reference 3D. That's why I recommend buying the 3D Blu-ray. The film could have been a little longer.
The film "connects" to the old Bourne movies, so to speak. Packed with action, as you know Jason Bourne. The story is fast and well done. From me he gets 5 stars, for everything! A successful overall package! I can only recommend.
The film is really great and Matt Damon plays the role of Jason Bourne as usual confidently! Don't understand the bad applications at all but the tastes are different.
I love the film and offer the best entertainment. I basically don't make comparisons to the other parts and see this part as it is.
According to Bond one of the best action movies therefore clear purchase recommendation
Good new actors who round off the finish well.
The film was much better than its predecessor. Now again with Matt Damon!
Yes, I liked what I saw and the expectation of the film was fulfilled.
What else can we say about such a brilliant film? Everything, but also really everything, was right for this film. Tension, grief, curiosity, passion and and... all this is still scientifically packaged with a logical background. Really great. Continue so guys
Even if the end seems a bit weird, the story, music and excitement as well as atmosphere is super-genius. I watch this movie over and over again and it's one of the few movies I don't regret buying. Recommended at any time.
I am always fascinated and fascinated by the film. The pictures, the music and also the history are magnificent, especially in the interplay. The actors seem believable and bring their characters over very well. For a layman in physics, everything seems in any case sufficiently conclusive and well thought out, no idea what that is like for an expert.
The film totally knocked me over and moved me. I really liked him! That's exactly what movies have to be like, in my opinion!
If even a sixth star had been earned, just because Hollywood has renounced the usual clichés - essentially at least. It's exciting to the end.
This great film, almost staged as a chamber play in an open space, starring Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, arrived punctually and well packed in very good film quality. Thank you very much!
Really well made film. Above all, not so far from reality! Actors are right, too. Earned 5 stars on my part!!!
A good story, action, and a top Sandra Bullock make the movie a class of entertainment and shows how small the problems are in normal life.
The great pictures alone fascinate at first until you are picked up very quickly by the actual action and you feel right in the middle of it. Highly recommended if someone has no problem with space travel or if someone is engaged in space travel.
What can we say except: bombastic! The FIlm is simply magnificent in terms of the storyline as well as the equipment and effects. Leonardo DiCaprio has always been more than "Jack" from Titanic to me, he has become a real character actor, which he proves fantastically in this film. So have to look!
I think the story itself is great. The pictures are the hammer and also the actors are just top! You must have seen this film.
I bought the DVD used, but you would never suspect it if you held it in your hand. No damage to the case or disc. The film plays smoothly. Super price! In addition, the DVD arrived 3 days earlier than indicated, which is always pleasing. You can't do anything wrong with the purchase, unless you don't like the actual movie.
The best film by Leonardo DiCaprio for which he did not get an Oscar, I would like to add. So I have to watch the film twice so I can get it all and the third time I was finally able to enjoy the film. This is a movie you just have to watch
Even if the creators don't take it so seriously with the time, this film lets me dive into a different world again and again. There are some aha effects. Can you definitely look at it more often!
I've seen the film before. So I know it's a class movie. Storry and the whole production are simply wonderfully made. The action is super executed. Top actor.
Very exciting and exciting film. After seeing the film in the cinema, I discussed this film wildly, because the subject of dreaming has always really captivated me.
I have seen this film countless times and have finally decided to buy it on Blu-Ray. I'm a huge fan of this movie and I'm thrilled with the story! Highly recommended!
Super actor and a very good story. Unlike a lot of garbage that is produced otherwise, this is a very good movie that you have to have seen. I am thrilled and can only recommend this film to everyone.
Actually, I read everything across the bank, but I'm particularly fond of science fiction - so this book wasn't quite my profession. and have read into this book only on the basis of its degree of knowledge. However, from the first page on the writing style and the amusing description of the characters captivated me, so I had to buy it immediately. It was a pleasure to the last page.
I read the book in one go. Very captivating and amusing to read. In terms of content, it is about the connection between Gauss and Humboldt. These are not always historically correct but very funny and you can put yourself well into the main actors. Very well suited for evening reading.
I loved reading. It is somewhat informative as far as the research and work of Alexander von Humboldt and Karl Friedrich Gauss is concerned. The descriptions in the form of a novel are sometimes very humorous and I laughed so many times. Good entertainment.
There is no doubt that this novel is a masterpiece. It connects and reflects the time planes, you are in the here as well as in yesterday and the day before yesterday. A great commentary on the transience and the hardships of life.
A lot of reading fun. Whoever reads it smiles into himself for quite a while. Clear recommendation also for casual readers and geniuses.
Gauss and Humboldt as two sometimes cocky and unintentionally funny protagonists of this great novel make the book an entertaining and very readable read.
Needed the book for school and I am positively surprised. The theme is very interesting and the writing style, the indirect speech, just great! I like it very much.
World! educational factor.
The book is excellently written and with a lot of humour, fed by the apt depiction of the Prussian, for today's relationships stilted, language usage.A joy to read!
Very interesting topic! Excitingly written, it had to read in one go. Because I'm interested in both history and mathematics, the book was the right choice.
An exciting packaging of scientific facts about two outstanding people of their time. Those who have already come into contact with Gauss and Humboldt in the past will take note with a smile of the skilful decorations of their little marrots. In addition to the clear language, I particularly like the alternating description of the life stages of both men. This allows the reader to immerse himself chapter by chapter in the story without losing the thread.
The author describes the history of the mathematician Gauss and the Humboldt brothers in a fictional way, but in reference to reality. Couldn't put it away. Amusingly written!
From a stylistic point of view alone, this book is a masterpiece. Completely written in indirect speech. This style creates the necessary distance from the historical events around Humboldt and Gauss. Two personalities who have enriched our world. Original and amusing.
The show arrived here quickly and well. The book is a gem. It should be read in all schools!! It is very enriching to read about these wonderful people who spared no effort to realize their ambitious expeditions.
What a narrator, what a voice. Daniel Kehlmann is a great hope for German literature. His work is presented very successfully by Ulrich Matthes. If you want to get to know two fascinating scientists and like to laugh when listening, this work is highly recommended.
Mega crazy, somehow quite shocking, totally beautifully written, fun and somehow I bet it will be one or the other person who will recognize parallel to himself. I find it very interesting psychologically.
Super novel, even if sometimes crass, but consistently plausible and 'true', and always presented with, often profound, humor !
I really liked the book! The change between diary entries and the 'present' (or then not, as one understands only at the end) was very pleasant! Sure, there was no action-packed voltage peak, but I thought it was great that you were led on the wrong track like this! I devoured it within 2 days, and can't wait for Mr. Michaelides to release the next book!
The book is so hammer-like good; I was totally shackled to the end. I don't want to reveal much about the end, except that it was completely unexpected. I recommend anyone who loves psychological thrillers to buy the book. It's worth the price.
At first I thought it could be a difficult thriller, far from it. I was captivated and curious about how the whole thing develops and was always surprised. The resolution was indeed surprising. Would like to read more of him. Not an 0815 thriller.
I read this book in 3 days. A round story with an unexpectedly surprising ending. The characters are convincingly presented and well described. This book would be a good basis for a Hollywood film.
Again Dan Brown takes us into a world of reality and fiction, of tension, religiosity and modernity. Those who love his other books will not be able to escape it either, I was at least tied up until the last minute.
I liked the novel, I had the places in mind, thanks to the great descriptions. Since the musical Gaudi I know something about his art and am already looking forward to a (hopeful) film adaptation. You get the desire to go on a holiday in Barcelona as soon as possible.
As usual by the author, this book with the well-known character Robert Langdon is super exciting from front to back and it really makes trouble to put it out of hand. Although the main person of this book, the same as in many other books by Dan Brown, you don't have to read all of them, as Origin is a separate independent novel. I'm looking forward to the next book by bestselling author Dan Brown.
Again a really good thriller by Dan Brown and with a very topical topic, artificial intelligence. The places of history with Bilbao and Barcelona are also well put into the whole picture. Also both sides of the for and again on the subject of artificial intelligence awaken a goosebumps in me in some moments.
